The alarm works well, and the computer does all the fuzzy math so you don't have to worry about shorter months, leap years, blah blah blah.
I found the altimeter to actually be rather accurate -- oh, and those reviews I have read on-and-off by folks bragging about telling the altitude INSIDE of a pressurized passenger plane are BOGUS.Considering what this watch can do, and it's limitations, I believe that the price is a bit high (you can buy a Casio watch that'll do the same thing--and is solar-powered, AND is REALLY water-resistent, all for LESS) but the Vector has one thing that not all Suunto watches, or altimeter/barometer/compass watches come with: that little bubble on the face which allows a more accurate determination of specific readings.
Finally, the feature navigation is not intuitive, meaning if you do not use the features and sub-features regularly, good luck with remembering how some of the functions are accessed, and turned on and off, unless you carry the instructions on your person.I am going to keep this &#34;wrist computer&#34; for trekking, but it will not be the watch on my wrist for everyday casual use.
And the basic time, stopwatch, alarm and timer functions were used often and performed well.Pros:User replaceable battery - very helpful in the field and easy to do, saves money.Broad array of functions - easy to manipulate the various features with a little practice and reading the manual.Very accurate - the watch loses very little time over the months and years, good quartz movement.Good water resistance - not a dive watch, but it holds up well, even under several meters of water, which I've done.Comfortable despite its large size - pretty light weight and a large, comfortable band.Easy to read - large face, big numbers.Attractive design - very distinct look.Cons:Not solar-atomic (like Casio Pathfinder) - however, battery is easily replaced and the quartz movement is very accurate.Thicker case - more so than the Casio PAW1300, but not too bad.Bottonology - the button function layout is different than most Timex and Casios, but isn't too hard to figure out.Price - higher than many, but not excessive for what you get.Overall, despite the drawbacks referenced above, I highly recommend the Suunto X-Lander and I would assume the other Suunto models are also good.
On arrival I couldn't tell any difference in the shoe itself, just as sturdy as ever.On a side note: This particular style is pretty trendy among celebrities.
I usually wear a size XL in the other, looser Under Armour shirts, but had to size up to XXL to be comfortable in these.
Grasp your Enell Sports Bra by the bottom two front clasps and lift up (vertically) so you are NOT pulling it across your boobs, but over the top of your boobs across your chest at arm pit height.4.
It's really  hard to believe that it can do that without being squished too much.It does make you look a little like you're wearing body armor, and under a shirt it definitely doesn't look like you're wearing a normal bra.
So when I saw the Enell bra featured on a plus sized fashion blog (with rave reviews), I went ahead and splurged.
If you look closely at the picture of the crimson bag, it shows only one flap pocket on the side.
I have had my wallet,card/ck book holder/attached coin purse for about 7 years.
Inexpensive doesn't mean it is &#34;cheaply made.&#34; Remember to lean fully forward while making the connections so you distribute tissue.
Plus, I was paying $40 to look this way, so I began to look for other options.Enter the Bali Flower Bra.....  excellent support for my small bust and a more natural and feminine shape.
I have friends who wear plus sizes and tell me the size they wear are consistent with the garment sizes they normally wear.I either hand wash or wash on a gentle cycle using Woolite and air dry.
If you remove the partition, it's just an empty space with no partitians.The quadrant partitian is moveable left and right from extreme side to side.
This bag does not have too much padding, (it comes with a 4 compartment padding sleeve, which i have converted to a 2+1+1 padding sleeve, to fit my 70-200 lying at an angle), and no padding at all on the top.
Cheap ones, wide, xtra wide, expensive ones, ones we'd never heard of- ALL didn't fit...then, looking thru the WIDE width section of girls shoes on here- I found THESE.
It also has 2 outer chest pockets, and I keep my smart phone in one of those, easily accessible, easy to hear if it rings.I am very happy with this jacket, and am looking forward to having it last me multiple Fargo winters!Edited 12/30/13:Just spent an hour and a half tailgating for a football game, at -5 degrees F. I wore a long sleeved dry-fit shirt, a sweatshirt, a jersey, and this jacket, and felt perfectly dressed.
It still feels prickly the moment I put it on, unlike any of my other t-shirts, including cheap department store ones.I looked at the fabric and it has a fair amount of pilling on the inside of the shirt.
Obviously you want to buy them on Amazon!The length in the next pair will definitely be a 30" length (instead of the 32 I bought)or maybe even a 28" length, because they adjust in length at the suspenders.So UNDERSTAND this fact: When they say they are a 30" in length, keep in mind that's the shortest length they adjust to.
Thank you!UPDATED:June 21, 2014 THESE JEANS SUCK!
Went to a real shoe store and was shown that the front lateral side of the shoe tapers more narrowly starting near the base of my little toe.
The nubuck leather (color is more medium tan rather than chocolate as advertised) has maintained its finish, thanks in part to initial treatment withKiwi Suede and Nubuck Protector, 4.25 ozand occasional use ofKiwi Suede Nubuck CleanerI reach out for these shoes when I want a tan colored shoe that I will wear all day.
I have been trying to get a few pairs of 501 Originals (which is not the shrink to fit variety) that fit me, and have found the sizing of 501 Originals to be all over the map for jeans that all were labled 32w x 36L or 38L.
I like wearing the watch a little tight and when your in a warm environment your arm will sweat and make the strap feel a little sticky and make it itchy, but then again 90% of all watch straps will make you feel the same way so it's not a huge deal.
It flattens and smooths my stomach and gives me that perfect hour glass shape I wanted and needed.- It is sexy and stylish with removable garters I will tack on later and hook up to some thigh highs when I take my wedding dress off... it is hot enough that I can wear it like lingerie.
The leather layer does not even come in contact with your feel anyway so I'm not really sure what's the point.These sandals are great!
Let me preface this by saying that I've had my pair of these Keens for ten years.
While it is much larger than most women's watches (it's advertised as a men's watch) it's a beautiful watch.
The cost of that plus the cost of this watch is still less than some other watches that I considered buying so I'm okay with it, it's just inconvenient.
Then the watch face (with the numbers) is like sitting in the well  of the beveled ring.
If I wear them all day especially during high heat...they stink really bad, to the point I have to wash them after only one day.
I suggest going with a double stitched pattern like:______________XXXXXXXXXXXX-------------------------The flap over the zipper is Velcro.
So, these...Carhartt Men's Extremes Arctic Quilt Lined Zip-To-Waist Biberall, Black,...  are what I am talking about.
I've always worn the underwires; the push-ups; all the va-voom bras but the underwires started killing me and I gave up all the pretty, sexy bras three years ago and went for comfort.However, I just can't seem to have my cake and eat it too when it comes to support, pretty, feminine look and also comfort.I heard they've improved the wires and would love to try but I am not a mall-gal or even a shopper period - I'm an online shopper and always have been.So, back to Amazon to see what I might find and this one seemed good.
Finding a bra in my size that both fits and is comfortable is next to impossible!This bra comes close.
After recently developing a latex allergy, I was miserable and desperate.
The lace and sheerness of the thigh-highs are just like in the picture, extremely flattering!3.
Before pregnancy i occassionally bought Berkshire non-maternity hose, and the fabric on the legs of these appears the same or similar.
They are my wife's favorite in terms of the look as well.527 (low rise boot gen 7): These were my least favorite or the group.
I hold onto them hoping I will eventually fit back into my 34 waist.
However, what really eliminated digging was to wear one of those control top type pantie girdle thingy majiggs on top of the underwear and cincher.
If you want a flatten stomach and you don't mind a little pain and discomfort, this is your item.
I intend to lose about 10 pounds before my wedding and I think it will be perfect and seamless then.The shape is nice before it goes on and I am happy with the product and the results.
If you want a sleek clean look go a size smaller.3) If you like to wear fitted clothes that shows the smallest wrinkles if you wore something inside than I won't suggest this.
I tried them on in a shoe store so I got a perfect fit, which I highly recommend.
My purchase of Jockey Women's No Panty Line Promise Tactel Hi Cut panties arrived today, they are a very pretty powder blue in color.
Very easy to set (which is a relief compared to the newer watches on the market that require a complex series of button presses that must be executed within a specific time frame), and very comfortable to wear.
This looks exactly like the watch in stranger than fiction.This watch will never dissappoint you ever!-ve1.
I purchased this bra because I needed a plunge push-up for a wedding I was in and the original bra I had purchased online would not arrive on time.
One of my favorites in my closet since going on a &#34;shoes that won't kill my feet search&#34; this month.
I don't go outside without them in slick weather.My neighbor across the street was shocked when I rang his doorbell in a huge ice storm, to bring his mail to him.
Essentially I walked a mile on the worst conditions I could find (sloping sidewalks, unsalted curbs, metal surfaces, solid ice, slush).
I do find them to be a little thicker than the usual cotton socks of this type that I find in the stores.
Oh sure, these socks may cost a bit more--but you get so much use out of them that these socks inevitably pay for themselves.These crew length socks also fit any shoe size between 7 and 12; therefore it is--almost--one size fits all.
Oh sure, some people probably think it looks a little weird but the anklets are so much more comfortable that I just could never go back to conventional socks except for very limited ultra-dressy occasions.
Fortunately, Amazon is awesome and offers free return on many apparel items, as well as free returns when something is defective.I'd avoid these socks, or take a chance knowing you can return them.
They only have 2 versions of the Give'n'Go (short sleeved crew neck & short sleeved v-neck) while the Exo-Dri now has 4 versions for men (short sleeve crew neck, long sleeve crew neck, quarter zip, and zip cricket short sleeved shirt).
On both of my Columbia vests, I have replaced the pocket liners with nice non-snagging flat mesh (like that found in luggage pockets).Well the world is what you make of it, so of course I have made some heavy mods to my vests, which have made them my favourites and practically daily wear for me.Columbia makes consistently high quality products (overseas) geared toward the outdoor person, so paying a little bit extra for the brand name logo is not that painful I guess.
My puppies are DDD and I have loose skin from losing 115 lbs, that double whammy makes it a pain to buy sports bras--or did until I found my 3 faves.
Something the design, the perfect combination of black watch face, light green hour markers, stainless steel trim, black rubber strap, off-center crown, red "Diver's 200m" lettering on the dial, how the second hand floats gently around the dial instead of snapping off tiny intervals...I just can't stop looking at this darn thing, it's freaking beautiful!
All have been of fine quality, the only &#34;knock&#34; on this brand being that most of their models are far too big for my wrist.
I don't know, but you can't expect to get a $5,000 watch for just $120, plus shipping.There are issues with the crown on the Invicta.
These quartz models do not have screw-down crowns.I'm going to enjoy these "pretend Rolex look-alikes" for what they are and hope that when the battery dies in them, that I can easily replace it with the extra fancy watch-back openerWatch Case Opener Wrench Tool For Waterproof Watches CasebackI bought, in addition to the cheap watch tool set.
It might take a little bit of fingertip type force in working with the end-of-band pin.
dollars.Include a note describing the malfunction, as well as an email address for swifter response times.Include a return address, daytime telephone number and e-mail address.Be sure to insure the watch with the shipper.If your watch is not cover under INVICTA warranty, you will be charged for the repair cost.We warrant each repair for one year.
I will get myself a Gryffindor one (because I'm sooo not a Slytherin and yet I don't want people to know that I actually fit into Hufflepuff.
I would not hesitate to recommend this, or any other Seiko diver, for actual diving use or for those "desk" divers out there.
I knew there was a problem when our mischievous cat was using a garnet chandelier earring as a diversion from his premium-grade feather toy.A very nice feature are the many drawers and compact shape that closes up, reminded as I was of one of my mother's beloved jewelry boxes.
Today's Levi's just don't measure up to what they used to be.Get an old army surplus wool blanket.Lay out jeans and trace a pattern about 2 inches larger along the entire outline.Cut & sew together into a pair of ugly, green pants with an opening for the fly.Flip your jeans inside out.Insert jeans into army blanket pants.Sew army blanket pants to jeans at the hem & waist.Flip jeans right side out.Wear.You've just made a pair of insulated jeans that's better than anything lined with flannel.
The range of colors offered in these 501's is great, though.Amazon should really consider separating this listing into two separate product listings - one for PRE-SHRUNK 501's and one for SHRINK-TO-FIT 501's.
I never really liked the super big hanging-down look, but was unsure how he would look in skinny jeans.
They were on sale and with a 30% discount coupon they cost me thirty-one dollars each.When I lost weight, I bought new 505s but they were quite baggy (even though the 505s are now cut tighter than they used to be).Then I bought 514s and while they're cut way smaller, they still get a bit baggy after wearing them for awhile.My wife is complaining that there's too much fabric around my butt so back to Kohls.I try on the 511s and they're too tight around the waist even though they're also 30" waist.
I had worn their reversible two-piece style in high school for a couple of summers; but I decided I wanted to stick with the thinner straps you get from the Diamondback style, and I wanted the material to be PBT instead of a Nylon/Lycra blend.In my years of experience, I had grown to appreciate the longevity of a suit made out of PBT (valuable when you are teaching swimming lessons and water fitness everyday in the water for several months).
The cuffs also have some reinforced stitching so they will not fray.This pair of jeans has plenty of belt loops.These jeans were made to fit at the waist.
I was, however, looking for something that would cover my short nightgown thoroughly so that when we have overnight guests I could have something pretty and yet modest in case I get caught making the coffee when our guests wake and come out to the living area of the house.
This is a perfect weight/year round T-Shirt!4) Soft and So Comfortable - I like soft but not limp so this T-Shirt is soft but not limpy soft, this way, it is a stronger and more durable T-Shirt than a super soft one is.
The eco-drive concept had me concerned back then and I wondered how long it would really charge and discharge before it wore out.
Hope this provides a reference for potential buyers of this particular jeans.
I usually wear a 10.5, and I bought these in a 10; they seemed quite snug at first, but after a few weeks, they fit like a glove!
This is my second Henschel hat...the other being the all leather variety.Henschel does not sell direct so I got this one from a company on Amazon called.....Work Wear savings.
I had seen hats very similar to this in places like American Eagle Outfitters and Old Navy for easily twice the price they are asking for it here.
The fleece on the inside of each leg does nothing to help with this or to give the pants a more luxurious feel.
So today I am sending them back.Incidentally I also received a pair of Samoas in 13 and they fit perfect even though they are also adidas.
The size 8 was a perfect fit, and I'm pretty sure the size 7.5 would have been too snug.I bought these to wear on vacation, and had never worn them before going, other than to see if I ordered the right size.
I needed a pair of summer shoes that were comfortable for walking AND could go in the water (I've never had "water" shoes and figured that now that we were going to be living closer to the ocean, I wanted to be prepared).
Originally ordered my usual shoe size 8 because there was *nothing* in the product description indicating to order up a 1/2 size.
I tried Columbia Techsun 2 sandals, which I thought would be great, until I walked through the Bahamas in misery and ended up with blisters.I researched walking sandals for hours and hours until I finally settled on the Keens.
I was lucky enough that she bought it for me and thanks to their lifetime warrenty (it has been replaced for free 3 times now) I still have that backpack and it functions as my always packed bathroom travel bag.So I decided to go back to school to get a second major and didn't want to unpack my bathroom bag.
Keeps great time.The Cons1.My Marine Star appeared to look a little more dull than the picture would suggest.2.
Also, the womens' sizes are a bit narrower and my foot spilled over the sandal.
Unfortunately, I have to give these boots a low review as, after ordering a size 7 AND size 8, I had to return them both!!!
It's just this very unpleasant "surprise" of a greyish-rubberized semi-goo, suddenly appearing rightbeneaath the pretty flower-lace of my bra that really threw me for a loop, the first time it happened, many years ago.But, hey, the bra fits, it feels great, and it's price is good.
The men's Levis 550 medium stone washed jeans we have recently received from Amazon and Zappos have been well constructed with the good old heavy denim, which we expect and demand from Levi's, and the good correct fit which is not too much to ask for from their loyal old customers.
I highly recommend the 18 Hour Ultimate Lift and Support Wire Free bra in all colors if you can find them.
There is enough coverage in the cleavage area so that you don't "spill out" of the cups when bending or twisting.
I had been happy to buy from a USA manufacturer but I guess that doesn't necessarily mean "high quality" anymore.
Anything above that would be definitely too big.Of course, it's not like this is the most expensive watch around, so I'm not surprised that the fit range is tight.
And 62mm which is for people with enormous heads that they can barely hold up....or maybe just slightly larger people.
Everything else, either has those clunky soles which make no sense if you're moving, or if soled LIKE the Reeboks, still lack innersock cushioning at the heel.
