I am going back to Afghanistan in a few months and considered getting another Suunto, the Core, however, the reviews seemed pretty bad so I decided to get a new battery and keep the Vector.
I found the altimeter to actually be rather accurate -- oh, and those reviews I have read on-and-off by folks bragging about telling the altitude INSIDE of a pressurized passenger plane are BOGUS.Considering what this watch can do, and it's limitations, I believe that the price is a bit high (you can buy a Casio watch that'll do the same thing--and is solar-powered, AND is REALLY water-resistent, all for LESS) but the Vector has one thing that not all Suunto watches, or altimeter/barometer/compass watches come with: that little bubble on the face which allows a more accurate determination of specific readings.
Finally, the feature navigation is not intuitive, meaning if you do not use the features and sub-features regularly, good luck with remembering how some of the functions are accessed, and turned on and off, unless you carry the instructions on your person.I am going to keep this &#34;wrist computer&#34; for trekking, but it will not be the watch on my wrist for everyday casual use.
And the basic time, stopwatch, alarm and timer functions were used often and performed well.Pros:User replaceable battery - very helpful in the field and easy to do, saves money.Broad array of functions - easy to manipulate the various features with a little practice and reading the manual.Very accurate - the watch loses very little time over the months and years, good quartz movement.Good water resistance - not a dive watch, but it holds up well, even under several meters of water, which I've done.Comfortable despite its large size - pretty light weight and a large, comfortable band.Easy to read - large face, big numbers.Attractive design - very distinct look.Cons:Not solar-atomic (like Casio Pathfinder) - however, battery is easily replaced and the quartz movement is very accurate.Thicker case - more so than the Casio PAW1300, but not too bad.Bottonology - the button function layout is different than most Timex and Casios, but isn't too hard to figure out.Price - higher than many, but not excessive for what you get.Overall, despite the drawbacks referenced above, I highly recommend the Suunto X-Lander and I would assume the other Suunto models are also good.
Although I thought about buying a matching pair just to confuse her, and be "that" weird matching couple, since pop culture has made them unisex lol.Hope that helps!
I am a huge fan of Under Armour's workout apparel, and in addition to owning two of these Heat Gear Compression Shirts, also own several each of Under Armour's Tech T-shirts (0382) and the Loose Gear shirts (0084) - I've written reviews on those as well.Ok, let's get this right out front - this is a serious athletic shirt.
Grasp your Enell Sports Bra by the bottom two front clasps and lift up (vertically) so you are NOT pulling it across your boobs, but over the top of your boobs across your chest at arm pit height.4.
It's really  hard to believe that it can do that without being squished too much.It does make you look a little like you're wearing body armor, and under a shirt it definitely doesn't look like you're wearing a normal bra.
The band fits perfect but the cup size seems a tad small, but I don't want to go up a size and risk not getting a good fit around...speaking of which, it is a bit of an non-traditional fit.
This is a review of the Crimson color distressed nylon bag, extra small.I have major back problems and chronic pain, and went on a search for a lighter everyday bag.
(Mom doesn't keep her scan cards on her key chain so I think she might like it--I ordered it in red so its easy to find) I may just order myself another wallet just to save in case its discontinued... Great organizer/wallet...
I use this bra for specific purpose in specific garments when I was to have a true shelf type bra that hold your breasts up and out.
Plus, I was paying $40 to look this way, so I began to look for other options.Enter the Bali Flower Bra.....  excellent support for my small bust and a more natural and feminine shape.
I have friends who wear plus sizes and tell me the size they wear are consistent with the garment sizes they normally wear.I either hand wash or wash on a gentle cycle using Woolite and air dry.
The fixed partitian quadrant takes up over 2/3rds of the interior of the bag.Taking the quadrant partitian out, leaves you an empty cavity necessitating using the cases your lens came in....unless you're ok with them just rattling around in there.If you have small, thin lenses...this might work.....but there is no customizing of the interior partitian arrangement.If this bag had moveable, individually adjustable partitian panels, it would be wonderful.
The main strap also has some kind of rubbery strips on them, which helps keep the strap from sliding off your shoulder (and have your thousands of dollars come crashing on the ground)There is also a smaller hand strap, as opposed to the main sling strap, which is very convenient for helping you precisely lift the bag and place it, which I really like)-discreetness.
Cheap ones, wide, xtra wide, expensive ones, ones we'd never heard of- ALL didn't fit...then, looking thru the WIDE width section of girls shoes on here- I found THESE.
It also has 2 outer chest pockets, and I keep my smart phone in one of those, easily accessible, easy to hear if it rings.I am very happy with this jacket, and am looking forward to having it last me multiple Fargo winters!Edited 12/30/13:Just spent an hour and a half tailgating for a football game, at -5 degrees F. I wore a long sleeved dry-fit shirt, a sweatshirt, a jersey, and this jacket, and felt perfectly dressed.
It still feels prickly the moment I put it on, unlike any of my other t-shirts, including cheap department store ones.I looked at the fabric and it has a fair amount of pilling on the inside of the shirt.
Obviously you want to buy them on Amazon!The length in the next pair will definitely be a 30" length (instead of the 32 I bought)or maybe even a 28" length, because they adjust in length at the suspenders.So UNDERSTAND this fact: When they say they are a 30" in length, keep in mind that's the shortest length they adjust to.
You can't beat that!UPDATED: May 15, 2014 The last jeans I purchased were washed three times and have torn on all corners of the back pockets.
Went to a real shoe store and was shown that the front lateral side of the shoe tapers more narrowly starting near the base of my little toe.
The nubuck leather (color is more medium tan rather than chocolate as advertised) has maintained its finish, thanks in part to initial treatment withKiwi Suede and Nubuck Protector, 4.25 ozand occasional use ofKiwi Suede Nubuck CleanerI reach out for these shoes when I want a tan colored shoe that I will wear all day.
And in varying degrees all but one pair out of eight were too baggy overall (one pair was so baggy with a waist so oversize, that I could pull them off me even though they were all buttoned up).Some were a little longer than specified, some were a lot longer than specified (far as I'm concerned, that's a good thing: I'd rather have a tailor shorten them after a few washings, than find that after a few washings they are too short).Most had strange front rises that caused, in varying degrees, the dreaded codpiece bulge (which can be simulated by grabbing from behind the upmost part of one or both--the bulge is not always symmetrical--inseam areas at the crotch and pulling strongly backward and upward); the worst offender in this regard was the Timberwolf color, which I ordered twice in the hope that the first pair was a manufacturing mistake, but the second pair was just as bad: the Timberwolf's codpiece bulge was even worse when viewed from the side: hideous!As for the button fly--that turned out to be the best thing.
The reflection of the light on the strap gives the watch the elegant look and people for sure will know right away that it's an expensive watch.Comfort - The watch is very light.
I bought this to wear with my wedding dress that is strapless and want to feel supported and sucked in for my big day.I normally wear a size 34DD bra so that is what I ordered here.The 34DD fits me perfectly.ADVICE FOR THOSE WHO HAVE ISSUES WITH FITTING:I used to work in lingerie and know that about 80% of women wear their bras in the wrong size.
The difference seems to be that the H2 is using some "water friendlier" material than leather for the outer layer and the H2 have 100% rubber sole while the Newport have some leather upper layer on the sole that makes it more comfortable.I chose the Newport because I thought I was going to use them occasionally for 'street use' but if I could make the choice again I would probably select the H2 because apparently I see to use them only for hiking.
Let me preface this by saying that I've had my pair of these Keens for ten years.
While it is much larger than most women's watches (it's advertised as a men's watch) it's a beautiful watch.
I don't have especially small wrists so I just don't get why it came so large!Also, just wanted to add that over time, it has started to bother me that the clasp will sometimes pop open when hit just right.
The picture doesn't do justice to this watch, why..The outside beveled edge is so much prominent that once you set your eyes to it, that's what gets your attention!
No damage after washing (I use the delicate cycle and let air dry which inside to dry completely took about a day...outside less than a day)+ Cord pulls nice and tight and stays that way, I don't have to keep adjusting it.+ Great for riding my bikeCons- Slippery when wet.
After a few washes the shoes should have broken it in nicely.Under the sleeves it has some stretchy cuffs to keep the cold air from going up your arm which is wonderful.The pockets are very deep and clearly designed not to lose your stuff and be able to reach in them with gloves on.The coat is also just big enough to accommodate myself with a hoodie, shirt, and underarmor on.
So, these...Carhartt Men's Extremes Arctic Quilt Lined Zip-To-Waist Biberall, Black,...  are what I am talking about.
I've always worn the underwires; the push-ups; all the va-voom bras but the underwires started killing me and I gave up all the pretty, sexy bras three years ago and went for comfort.However, I just can't seem to have my cake and eat it too when it comes to support, pretty, feminine look and also comfort.I heard they've improved the wires and would love to try but I am not a mall-gal or even a shopper period - I'm an online shopper and always have been.So, back to Amazon to see what I might find and this one seemed good.
Finding a bra in my size that both fits and is comfortable is next to impossible!This bra comes close.
Lollipops forever!Note: If you are allergic to latex/elastic, be sure you order the LEG BAND brief.
I almost didn't buy this pair because of the reviewers that claim to have received blisters from these particular thigh-highs: If you're allergic to silicone, don't wear these!
But today is the first day i've worn these so I'm not positive that I will run into the same problem.Overall these are the best over-belly hose I've found, so I will purchase more pairs and just be extra careful about avoiding runs.I also purchased some Motherhood Maternity hose (not available on Amazon) that are supposed to go just below the belly button, and I pulled those way way down fully below the belly and that sort of does the trick in terms of being underbelly hose (at least for now).
They are tight enough to not look baggy/loose, but not so tight to be uncomfortable or give me a silly skinny jean look.
No more frustration of hunting through the stack of jeans at a store hoping that someone put your size in the wrong bin!4 stars because these jeans are still no where near the same quality of the jeans I got in the early 80's when they were made in america.
However, what really eliminated digging was to wear one of those control top type pantie girdle thingy majiggs on top of the underwear and cincher.
If you want a flatten stomach and you don't mind a little pain and discomfort, this is your item.
It does really help smooth out my figure to a very nice hourglass and I now feel confident that I will look smooth and thinner on my big day.Lines are minimal and great for more form fitting dresses.There is flexibility in this which makes it practical for existing!
I bought a white one to wear with a white dress and it shows.Positives:1) Material is PERFECT!2) Clippings inside are durable3) Shows up before the expected date4) Washes great in a laundry bag5) Although mine was not as tight as I wanted it to, this actually pushes my water weight down and now I am going for a size smaller :) I want to have a dramatic change to my physical appearance.
I think my feet are probably less stinky than most people, but given the constant humidity and wet environment in a closed toe shoe, I don't blame the shoes and it's not that bad of a problem.
My purchase of Jockey Women's No Panty Line Promise Tactel Hi Cut panties arrived today, they are a very pretty powder blue in color.
Everything is designed to prevent the cracking and friction that causes the band to break, especially for those of us who are going to expose this watch to a lot of chlorine.I swim two miles a day, so I need a watch that's going to hold up well underwater, exposed in chlorine, and used under the sun.
This looks exactly like the watch in stranger than fiction.This watch will never dissappoint you ever!-ve1.
I purchased this bra because I needed a plunge push-up for a wedding I was in and the original bra I had purchased online would not arrive on time.
One of my favorites in my closet since going on a &#34;shoes that won't kill my feet search&#34; this month.
Now he brings my mail when we have ice and snow.I keep a pair of them in my car just in case I need them.Usually we have more ice than snow, and these work really well with the kinds of ice storms we have.
*Yaktrax Walker evaluation on its own meritsProsPortableExtra heights helps with prevent water penetration into shoesCoiled steel design provide larger traction surface over tungsten cleatsTurns shoes into boots in certain situations -- unexpected snow shovelingConsRubber matrix not durable.TEST - JANUARY 2013 CHICAGO ICE STORMYaktrax Walker versus Duenorth1)Icy flat sidewalkWinner: Yaktrax2)Icy sloping sidewalkWinner: Yaktrax3)SlushWinner: Yaktrax4)Icy curbWinner: Yaktrax5)Icy asphalt roadWinner: Yaktrax6)Ice over metal surface (e.g. railing)Winner: Duenorth7)Large flat hard ice surfaceWinner: Duenorth8)Dry concrete:Tie - No clear winner
Except:I am not happy that the socks are only 50% cotton, when I was specifically looking for socks with 80 to 99% cotton content.
Oh sure, these socks may cost a bit more--but you get so much use out of them that these socks inevitably pay for themselves.These crew length socks also fit any shoe size between 7 and 12; therefore it is--almost--one size fits all.
Somewhere along the line I started wearing runners' anklets with my conventional shoes and I liked the anklets much better than the standard mid-calf sock.
They also are somewhat thinner than the Gold Toe 'No Show' socks I bought in the store.The good socks I have are a Gold Toe 2247P.
Basically, there are a lot more Exo-Dri shirts than Give'n'Go shirts and ultimately I think this speaks for itself.Bottom line - The Give'n'Go is a decent shirt but Ex Officio offers something that is far superior, the Exo-Dri Tee.
On both of my Columbia vests, I have replaced the pocket liners with nice non-snagging flat mesh (like that found in luggage pockets).Well the world is what you make of it, so of course I have made some heavy mods to my vests, which have made them my favourites and practically daily wear for me.Columbia makes consistently high quality products (overseas) geared toward the outdoor person, so paying a little bit extra for the brand name logo is not that painful I guess.
For walking, aerobics, dancing, really nice.For half the price of its pricier triumvirate cousins, this bra is a workout wonder for DDD girls (who can have a hard time finding a good bra for sweating sessions).
Something the design, the perfect combination of black watch face, light green hour markers, stainless steel trim, black rubber strap, off-center crown, red "Diver's 200m" lettering on the dial, how the second hand floats gently around the dial instead of snapping off tiny intervals...I just can't stop looking at this darn thing, it's freaking beautiful!
I swim and snorkel (but don't scuba dive), and prefer a 200m watch for these activities.The 8926 is a great combination of a timepiece suitable for outdoor activities as well as business or dress wear.
It's hard to tell if the crown has been moved into the first or second position and if you use too much force, like I did on my 9554, you'll find that you will be having the watch repaired.All in all, this is another great looking watch and decent timepiece that has a functional chronometer.Well worth the price.
These quartz models do not have screw-down crowns.I'm going to enjoy these "pretend Rolex look-alikes" for what they are and hope that when the battery dies in them, that I can easily replace it with the extra fancy watch-back openerWatch Case Opener Wrench Tool For Waterproof Watches CasebackI bought, in addition to the cheap watch tool set.
You push the pins out of the band by screwing the blue fixture pin into the side of the band pin that DOES NOT look like a screw slot - so that the slotted end of the band pin pops out of the band.
dollars.Include a note describing the malfunction, as well as an email address for swifter response times.Include a return address, daytime telephone number and e-mail address.Be sure to insure the watch with the shipper.If your watch is not cover under INVICTA warranty, you will be charged for the repair cost.We warrant each repair for one year.
I will get myself a Gryffindor one (because I'm sooo not a Slytherin and yet I don't want people to know that I actually fit into Hufflepuff.
It does have a divers extension, but I replaced my band with an orange "Zulu" nylon divers band, as it is easier to use over a wetsuit, and isn't as heavy as the SS band supplied by Seiko.
I knew there was a problem when our mischievous cat was using a garnet chandelier earring as a diversion from his premium-grade feather toy.A very nice feature are the many drawers and compact shape that closes up, reminded as I was of one of my mother's beloved jewelry boxes.
Today's Levi's just don't measure up to what they used to be.Get an old army surplus wool blanket.Lay out jeans and trace a pattern about 2 inches larger along the entire outline.Cut & sew together into a pair of ugly, green pants with an opening for the fly.Flip your jeans inside out.Insert jeans into army blanket pants.Sew army blanket pants to jeans at the hem & waist.Flip jeans right side out.Wear.You've just made a pair of insulated jeans that's better than anything lined with flannel.
The range of colors offered in these 501's is great, though.Amazon should really consider separating this listing into two separate product listings - one for PRE-SHRUNK 501's and one for SHRINK-TO-FIT 501's.
There is this page:Levi's Men's 511 Skinny Jeanand there is also this page:Levi's Men's 511 Skinny Jean.
They were on sale and with a 30% discount coupon they cost me thirty-one dollars each.When I lost weight, I bought new 505s but they were quite baggy (even though the 505s are now cut tighter than they used to be).Then I bought 514s and while they're cut way smaller, they still get a bit baggy after wearing them for awhile.My wife is complaining that there's too much fabric around my butt so back to Kohls.I try on the 511s and they're too tight around the waist even though they're also 30" waist.
I had worn their reversible two-piece style in high school for a couple of summers; but I decided I wanted to stick with the thinner straps you get from the Diamondback style, and I wanted the material to be PBT instead of a Nylon/Lycra blend.In my years of experience, I had grown to appreciate the longevity of a suit made out of PBT (valuable when you are teaching swimming lessons and water fitness everyday in the water for several months).
The cuffs also have some reinforced stitching so they will not fray.This pair of jeans has plenty of belt loops.These jeans were made to fit at the waist.
I was, however, looking for something that would cover my short nightgown thoroughly so that when we have overnight guests I could have something pretty and yet modest in case I get caught making the coffee when our guests wake and come out to the living area of the house.
This is a perfect weight/year round T-Shirt!4) Soft and So Comfortable - I like soft but not limp so this T-Shirt is soft but not limpy soft, this way, it is a stronger and more durable T-Shirt than a super soft one is.
Took it out and it was still within four seconds of my atomic radio wall clock!The look, color, detail, fit and finish on this Eco-drive is beautiful.
I have measured the actual length of the inseam again for this 30-inch inseam jeans.
Finally, they don't seem to breath all that well, but that might just be the way all-leather shoes are.As far as care goes: I have been inserting Woodlore cedar shoe trees immediately after taking my boots off each day, and I think this will help greatly in keeping them looking great for a long time to come.
I wear a size 8 in official MLB hats..... this is the only truly fitted cap I wear and that size is just a little too big.This XL hat goes down over my big head and when pressed far down the top of my head is actually in contact with it....Which is what I want.
In my opinion unless you love fishing in driving rainstorms or the feel of anything at all wet on your head, I would recommend this fine quality hat.
Unless you can pick them up for $5, they are just likely to be one of those gotcha buys that will haunt your nightmares for years to come.I bought several pairs of these two years ago.
Other is maybe 12 or 12.5, same medium (D) width.........at least it's not my ears, LOL.IF shoes were shorter, a proper 13, fit was excellent with light socks.
The size 8 was a perfect fit, and I'm pretty sure the size 7.5 would have been too snug.I bought these to wear on vacation, and had never worn them before going, other than to see if I ordered the right size.
And I had a week straight of unloading and unpacking at our new house, and my feet and ankles were super sore and super tired from standing on my feet all day every day.So I broke down, bit the bullet, and bought these--bitching and moaning the whole time I was paying $80 for a PAIR OF SANDALS.But wow are they are comfy.
After filling out the RMA request, Amazon emailed return shipping label and clearly explained how credit would be applied to my credit card.
I tried Columbia Techsun 2 sandals, which I thought would be great, until I walked through the Bahamas in misery and ended up with blisters.I researched walking sandals for hours and hours until I finally settled on the Keens.
I was lucky enough that she bought it for me and thanks to their lifetime warrenty (it has been replaced for free 3 times now) I still have that backpack and it functions as my always packed bathroom travel bag.So I decided to go back to school to get a second major and didn't want to unpack my bathroom bag.
My wife went on Amazon and found the Marine Star Watch that looks similar to my old Bulova Watch.First of all I love the Bulova and have bought 5 watches for myself or gifts in the last 5 years and they all work perfectly.The Pros:1.
Also, the womens' sizes are a bit narrower and my foot spilled over the sandal.
Unfortunately, I have to give these boots a low review as, after ordering a size 7 AND size 8, I had to return them both!!!
It's just this very unpleasant "surprise" of a greyish-rubberized semi-goo, suddenly appearing rightbeneaath the pretty flower-lace of my bra that really threw me for a loop, the first time it happened, many years ago.But, hey, the bra fits, it feels great, and it's price is good.
The men's Levis 550 medium stone washed jeans we have recently received from Amazon and Zappos have been well constructed with the good old heavy denim, which we expect and demand from Levi's, and the good correct fit which is not too much to ask for from their loyal old customers.
I have thought about going up to a 42B, but have learned that when you increase the width of a bra, for a reason that makes no sense to me, they assume you also grow out in bust size as well and you end up with an ill-fitting bra with large gaps under the armpits.I still can't get the black in this bra and that is the color I wear most, but I am going to order another white in this one and probably a black in the original, less comfortable bra because I am too lazy to go looking for the black in this one.
There is sometimes slight puckering of the fabric at the top of the cup area because of the lack of the thicker fabric.
I immediately initiated a return request through Amazon and I got a reply from Amazon that the seller had closed the request.
For me, the fit is a little on the tight side, but I'm not sure I want to use the link I took off... so it's not perfect... but it feels OK and I like the look and feel of it.If it manages to keep going for more than a month, that'll be good.I usually like to pay a little more for a longer-lasting watch.
And large men take the 62 (it may be 61...it is hard to remember all of this information with my average sized head)Great purchase.
Everything else, either has those clunky soles which make no sense if you're moving, or if soled LIKE the Reeboks, still lack innersock cushioning at the heel.
