Then I discovered that Val McDermid wrote other novels as well, and a couple of them inspired the TV crime drama Wire in the Blood.I finished watching all of Season 1 and have become a fan of this gritty crime drama that follows the investigations led by DI Carol Jordan (Hermione Norris).
But If you enjoy tying one on and laughing your butt off at the endlessly silly idiocy that accompanies being alive in America these days, you may just find Always Sunny to be almost always funny.
Jack Bauer is as close as any fictional character has become to being superhumanly powerful, and at some times his recurrent circumvention of the bureaucratic system, assaulting his friends and co-workers, his flagrant abuse of "prisoner's rights" and his uncanny ability to fight his way out of any trap... it may require a little bit more suspension of disbelief than would normally be necessary in a lesser show, but the very core of this show is Jack Bauer, or more specifially, Kiefer Sutherland and his increasingly better performance each season of 24.
I'm counting down the hours until the next season premiers and we can start the rush all over again.
There are some "intense" scenes and probably some harsh language, so preview episodes before showing it to any youngsters, if at all.
The writers have an amazing way to take a character that looks like a creep (think Tony Almeida and George Mason in the early seasons) and, by the end of a few episodes, have him become a noble hero, and that tradition continues in this season as well.The only "knock" I have on this season is that the cliffhanger endings of each episodes aren't quite as shocking (e.g. Nina Myers doesn't appear out of nowhere).
So Ziva and Jenny try to convince Gibbs that he's wrong, and Gibbs even makes the only logical argument against Ari's innocence.
This is one of Yates' favorite 3 films of the 25 films he directed.
I enjoyed their greater familiarity with the ancient technology but being Hyperspace or Warp drives, the technology is simply a backdrop to the episode storyline and seasonal/show ones.
I was hoping he'd find and kill T-Bag (Robert Knepper) but that sleaze ball makes it through the whole season.
And Paula Cassidy and her team are killed in an explosion, in a really powerful episode, season four ends with Jeanne and Dinnozo getting in a limo, which is her father's, and there is La Grenoulle.
It includes only the first two discs with the first 16 episodes.Only for those who don't want to buy an entire first season!Disc 11.
There are more things going on in the series, such as his past relationship with his foster father, he relationship with his foster sister, his relationship with his coworkers etc.
Dexter Morgan - blood Spatter Expert and Serial Killer.
The politically astute former Captain of the station David Aceveda (Benito Martinez)continues to have a darkness to his "moral" character particularly after the physical assualt at the hands of an ex-con that occurred during the third season.The DVD has some great special features including commentary tracks with a nice mix of cast members, a featurette on the productio of the fifth season, a tribute to executive producer/director Scott Brazil who died during the sixth season and a Q&A; session with Chiklis, producer/writer/creator Shawn Ryan and Forrest Whitaker discussing their characters and the development of the series.
We also see what became fan favourite episodes such as 'Heart' (werewolf alert), 'What is and What Should Never Be' (djinns), and &lt;SPOLIERS>  ----- 'Tall Tales' (a Trickster, a la Coyote, Anansi, Loki, etc)&lt;/SPOILERS)>.Religion comes to a head, and it is easy to see that it is going to intrinsic to future episodes.
Always the bridesmaid; never the bride was wearing a bit thin.That being said; I loved it anyway.
For some critics of the updated presentation, and one who picks on Kristin Bell for essentially not being as "hot" as she was 10 years ago and looking like she just had a baby (which she did) all I have to say is don't attend your high school reunion dude, you're going to be disappointed!
I'm just happy they're not all from Salem.The reason: A large number of people are making sure their Kickstarter funding for this movie proves rewarding.The movie: Simplistic dialogue that could only come from a cliche saturated Hollywood high school apprentice writer.
The show was cancelled by FX in late 2008, but both seasons are available, and according to Wikipedia, Eddie Izzard and the show's creator are currently working on a full length feature film.
It's hard to like this person/character, despite her occasional genius.She is also very anti-semitic at times.
The omitted scenes would have done a lot for the overall story; it's clear that they were omitted to shorten each episode for broadcast.Other extra features included a rather interesting "making of Jericho" feature, which included some actor auditions, and a look at set construction, and a short about disaster preparedness, which included some unintentionally hilarious 1950s Civil Defense footage on how one should shelter under a desk or behind some furniture in the event of a nuclear holocaust.
The main characters are Jake Green, the son of the mayor who has been mysteriously absent for several years.
Family values, morals, and patriotism, are some of the values that led to the founding of America, and this series effectively touches back to them.Executive producers Jon Turteltaub and Carol Barbee provide commentary for a few episodes, and Skeet Ulrich and Lennie James, also contribute commentaries.
Yes, the majority of the characters and plots in the show are based on real historical events, but this is a cable television series, and of course things are going to be changed to appeal to a larger commercial audience.
the early episodes featured bitty scram,  she was a excellent aide and did a great job as monks nurse aide.
Throughout this season Monk matches wits with a chess player, helps a boxer, gets stuck on a submarine underwater, meets his other brother, fights City Hall, and much more.The Final Season- In the end, all the pieces will fit together.
The music at the end was a really big help as it really did add to what was going on; a perfect element to add.This series is awesome.
If you thought the Season Two finale was shocking, just wait until you see what happens at the end of Season Three!There are a few small issues I have with this season.
We get a healthy glimpse into the rigors and harshness of the Cylon occupation showing that, interestingly, they aren't any better or less flawed than their human captors.Saul(Michael Hogan)has started a resistence movement carrying out guerilla warfare against the Cylons to try and cause as much damage as possible in hopes of helping Adama on the ground when the Galatica returns to save them.From there the series deals with the fall out of settling on New Caprica in the first place, how humanity will deal with collaborators (it's one of the most riveting episodes of the season in my opinion), find out that the Galatica and the Cylons are on the right course for Earth and that there is a mysterious plague striking the Cylons.
I did find this system to be confusing at times, but it does have its merits.This is a fast paced series.
Their efforts to pass off their relationship in front of Chuck's family and co-workers are the source of endless comedy and some genuinely touching moments.
It is hilarious watching him try to fit into the world of espionage.
W O W what a dynamic character as Detective Charlie Crews in the TV series &#34;Live.&#34;  NBC really dropped the ball by letting this series go with only two seasons.
Charlie gets help from his former cellmate, a white collar criminal; his attorney, who dangerously mixes a professional and a personal relationship with Charlie; and his ex-wife, who has considerable guilt over divorcing Charlie in prison.
He has a very zen approach to life and is trying to solve the crime for which he was convicted.
They had a &#34;marathon&#34; of Fairly Legal and I wasn't really paying attention at first and became more and more involved until I just loved that show.
After watch all eight episodes of this Bionic Woman remake, I say NO!This last TV season NBC choose to remake the Bionic Woman for the 2000's.
The concept of Journeyman is brilliant, the marketing was abysmal, the ratings were satisfactory for a freshman show, the over-all quality of Journeyman is superb.
Plus, I've actually known a couple of people who were geniuses along the line of Sheldon (though I should say that perhaps my greatest nerd moment was that when I worked in the University of Chicago Bookstore -- before it became a Barnes & Noble -- Chandrasekhar would always do a beeline to me to get help finding books [hey, having a world class genius -- another Nobel Prize winning physicist told me that in his opinion Chandrasekhar would rank as one of the two great twentieth century physicists after Einstein -- acknowledge your competence on books, even as a lowly book clerk, and nod to you as you walk across the campus may be a faint form of achievement, but if you don't understand this you don't understand the guys on TBBT]).
As with "Lost" the introduction of new characters was problematic--fans were more interested in finding out what happened to their favorites from season one.
After three years of teaming together to play tricks on Dwight -- and indeed this visit starts off as a trick on Dwight -- they realize how deeply he is hurting because of his break up with Angela (caused by his killing her elderly but deeply beloved cat by putting him in her freezer) and make a couple of gestures to try and make him feel better.
Either those last handful of episodes were pure, unadulterated brilliance, or I was just desperate for more "30 Rock" after their lengthy sabbatical.Some brilliant moments in Season 2: Carrie Fisher as a crazy ex-writer, EVERYTHING involving the Devon (Will Arnett) vs. Jack rivalry (including the Don Geiss coma), Jack's job at Homeland Security (can you say, "gay bomb"?
The "Cast Favorites" Featurette is where each cast member tells what their favorite episode is and why.Behind the Scenes of "We're Not From Here" Featurette is just like the last two seasons where they kind of show the process of getting from the read-through, to rehearsal, to run-through, to rolling for the episode.
Dean's impending death adds such a poignancy to the season, particularly the episodes stretching from the Christmas special to the finale, that even his possible resurrection in Season Four (it has to happen, people) wouldn't take away from the emotional resonance of this arc.Overall, it's a slight step down from the fantastic Season Two, but still a great season of a great show.
The third season of "Supernatural" added some unusual twists that made for an entertaining, exceptional third season for the show.The upside--a terrific looking Blu-ray transfer with plenty of detail, rich, dark blacks and a nice smooth look to the show.
"Tremors: The Complete Series" takes everything fun about the movies tacks in some conspiracies and freaky mutants -- there are a few mildly grating characters, but it's still deliciously fun and strange.A new guy named Tyler Reed (Victor Browne) rolls into Perfection, intending to take over the Desert Jack Graboid Tours... just in time for El Blanco to go on a berserk feeding frenzy.It isn't the last graboid-related problem -- Burt Gummer (Michael Gross) and the other Perfectionites must deal with a gourmet assblaster, a scientist training shriekers to be rescue animals, a graboid attacking a town of UFO-fanatics, graboid-rights activists who claim the Perfectionites are killing El Blanco, and a pair of mob thugs who run afoul of El Blanco and lost a very important key.And pretty soon there are even worse problems.
I don't think that the series creators are going to go for the clich&eacute; "it's the Admiral or the President", but for the life of me, I don't know who that leaves.The entire series has been an adventure that parallels our current political atmosphere but translates it into a sci-fi journey.
When you simply stop caring about the characters and a need to finish what you started rather than a burning desire to know what happens in the story drives you forward episode-to-episode, you know a story has gone off the rails.I bet -- I even hope -- that the concept of Battlestar Galactic will be picked up again in a couple of decades.
Unfortunately, Karen's engaged to stuffy Bill (Damian Young), and Hank unwittingly has sex with Bill's 16-year-old daughter, Mia (Madeline Zima), who eventually ends up blackmailing Hank and trying to take credit for his latest manuscript.
I could talk at length about the jaw-dropping work from Aaron Paul, Anna Gunn, Dean Norris, Giancarlo Esposito, and Bob Odenkirk in their moving, finely crafted roles.
The basic plot is a teacher who finds out he is dying of cancer and thru unexpected situations gets the opportunity to make a great deal of money thru manufacturing meth.
In Breaking Bad, Bryan Cranston plays Chemistry professor Walter White who's married with a handicap son who suffers from Cerebral Palsy and a child on the way.One day Walter is hit with the ultimate bombshell as he finds he has inoperable lung cancer and has little time left to live.
All those leafy trees and green lawns....looks more like Southern California or Michigan than anything I've seen in New Mexico.
The first season of "Breaking Bad" establishes the tone for Vince Gilligan's series; Gilligan was fascinated with the idea of someone who went from an ordinary guy to the epitome of evil; Walt (Emmy winner Bryan Cranston)after being pushed out of a company that he helped co-found has adjusted to life as a High School chemistry teacher married to Skylar(Anna Gunn) expecting their second child when Walt finds out he has inoperable idiotpathic non-small cell.
What sets this apart from other horror films is that it doesn't rely on cheap scares or CGI to try and scare the viewers.
This is a film that gets under your skin.The plot is fairly simple: Laura moves into the orphanage where she grew up.
this season is so good you cant go wrong just picking any episode to see if you like it.....there is bad language, and a lot of yelling and screaming.
More often then not, Mary comes across as smug and condescending instead of human and funny, which I have a feeling is what they are aiming for.
The monarch now with his wife Doctor Mrs. The Monarch must endure tests from the guild to ensure that they can be villans as well as man and wife.
I can't imagine dealing with having to put all that make-up on.However, I'm going to stop there, as I'm not really one to delve into the actors themselves, other than to rate them as something along the lines of good or bad.Anyway, the episode was very good.
Grace may be on the road to hell, but, with Earl's spiritual guidance, she may be able to save herself.Saving Grace: Season 2 follows the continued adventures of Grace as she deals with her turbulent relationship with fellow detective Ham, her friends' Doug and Maggie's impending wedding, the ever-present fear of death for Grace's friend Leon, the day-to-day drama of working with homicides, the constantly lurking memory of the 1993 Oklahoma City bombing and of course, Grace's journey through faith.
I loved looking forward to how Scofield was gonna outsmart The Company every monday.
WELL, I AM SAD TO SAY, I DO NOT WATCH TV ANY MORE NBC, BECAUSE WHEN YOU GOT A DIAMOND IN YOUR HANDS, YOU START LOOKING FOR A BIGGER DIAMOND.
Now, some shows go south - quality wise - but that's the fastest rolling downhill so far.Good clear thinking, scientific approach (O'K, as scientific as you can get without losing 99,5% of the audience), logic, dry and sometimes black humor, in short everything that made those series special in the seasons 1 and 2 - gone.
I never warmed to Zacks character...so I don't miss him or feel for his persona living behind those cold cold bars:) Hope it runs another 5 years......or more.....
Despite that, I'll go on to watch season 4, but some friends of mine have sworn off "Heroes" forever.Look for Clint Howard and William Katt in small roles.Worth a watch, but leave a lot of disbelief at the door.
They seriously need to make some tough decisions about how to best move the story forward and then stick to it, or they will continue to lose their audience.
There were no episodes as memorable as "Business School" (the episode where Michael lectures in Ryan's business school class, Jim makes Dwight believe that he might have become a vampire, and no one except Michael comes to Pam's art class presentation) or "Beach Games" or "Casino Night. "
He just has to be finished with this massive conspiracy inside the police department which framed him for murder and sent him away.
For instance, Alan Arkin, who plays Ted and manages Charlie's millions, suddenly has a daughter introduced.
This is an ok show, a bit too much Sopranos lite biker edition without the strong lead(s).
To undermine the premise even further they create real "bad guys" in the form of a white sumpremist gang hanging around the edges of things doing everything the "good" Bikers can't do.The show is also heavy on disfunctional family stuff taken right from the Sopranos.
"Riding through this world all aloneGod takes your soul, you're on your ownThe crow flies straight, a perfect lineOn the Devil's Bed until you die"Curtis Stigers et alMy son-in-law turned me onto 'Sons Of Anarchy' pretty late in the game.
"This season continues the legacy of NCIS and proves once again why it's one of the best crime dramas and highest-rated shows on television.
Yeah, season six is okay, but my conclusion is this, seasons 1-4 are the golden years, season 5-8 are the so-so to bad years, season nine is great.
However the power that be should have spent the money and gotten voiice casting and director Andrea Romano (who has done everything for Warner Animation  from Batman the Animated Series,  Scooby doo to the latest DC animated DVD featureWonder Woman 2009 (Two-Disc Special Edition + Digital Copy)).If you are a fan of the graphic novel, This DVD version is a great edition to a comic collection.
If your child can separate fantasy from real-life and you don't mind some spells being spouted or deity figures in the vein of Greek gods appearing, you shouldn't have a problem.&#34;Batman: The Brave and the Bold: The Complete First Season&#34; will thrill enthusiasts of the 1960's Batman TV show starring Adam West and Burt Ward.
I purchased seasons 1 - 3 together because the 5 season bundle wasn&#8217;t offered.
From there, a few things given to us in this installment include:-Mrs. Taylor's new role as school principle and the new perspective it gives her on certain issues.-The continued evolution of the Tyra/Landry & Tim/Lyla relationships.-Jason Street doing everything he can to provide for his new "family"-The ongoing foibles of Buddy Garrity.-A new QB threat to Matt Ceracen.There are some parts of Season Three that work very well.
Grappling with bipolar disorder, Leonard has moved back with his parents working half-heartedly at the family dry-cleaning business, as they seek out a suitable replacement fianc&eacute;e. She comes in the form of Sandra, the eldest daughter of his father's more successful business colleague.Leonard, however, has unrealized dreams to become a photographer rather than default to running the family business.
One is dark haired, professional and independent, affectionate and caring.
There is one massive shocker that most reading this review will have probably heard about by now, but it's just an overall great season and worthy of any House fans DVD collection.
But while I loved a number of things for this show I can't help but feel the show's premise is running a little thin.
The young man who Lightman demoted for devious behavior is also a "type", the tv series fresh, cute know it all who needs to be taken down a peg.
First of all, Roth is so much the star here, most other actors move like wooden puppets.
Many times I found myself laughing at this, and no public figure is spared.Besides the main plot lines in each episode, we also get to little by little see more about the private lives of the characters, which I always enjoy.
In the process Lightman often alienates his own staff including Dr. Gillian Foster (Kelli Williams), his protege Ria Torres (Monica Raymund) and his own family.
and constant running jokes (the fact that Natalie is clearly dumb as a stump).Even the framing stuff is hilarious, with Mike becoming a WereCrow ("... and you know, I'm perfectly comfortable with that, yeah"), and the three main characters dressing up like a 50s girl band and singing a peppy pop song about falling in love with a werewolf.The movie is awful, the snark is hilarious, and the wurwilf is about as frightening as one of the monsters from Twilight.
Pearl is uninterested in saving Mike and the bots, so she simply sends them the movie "Soultaker. "
As MST3k is sort of a show within a show within a movie format, I like to review each part of the episode as a good or bad part can save or ruin the entire episode.The Movie: In this late 80's movie, a group of teenagers who died in a car accident are chased by an angel who must take their souls - or else.
I will say that I considered an alternate universe idea -- with an evil doppelganger, perhaps everyone has one (physicists would argue that there are infinite universes, and in each of those, at least where "you" exist, "you" are different) -- and I did consider the old she-died-and-is-in-purgatory-but-doesn't-know-it-yet idea.
The entire plot was perfectly put together and filled with intense surprises that kept me guessing up until the very end.The story's unique approach also forces viewers to think a little harder about what kind of world they will leave behind after they die.
In a way, to get the most out of the show, you have to shift your focus from Eliza Dushku to everybody else.Recommended - 3.5 stars.
They weren't whistling Dixie on that point...The bonus features are very enjoyable, from commentaries on through a rather expected list of special feature sundries.
And why have the same person do all these things, in public, if you need to keep the whole operation secret?Bad idea #3: High heels.
The role was created for her, and it plays to her strengths, letting her be essentially vacant as the camera longingly admires her body and her fighting chops.
this season, however, also had alot of heart...i truly did love the final four....good and bad...they all deserved to be there...i watched the entire series in two days...GORGEOUS scenery, excellent editing, music on point, Probst is excellent.cannot recommend this season enough....im not ruining any surprises here....im not...but three words...FAKE IMMUNITY IDOL = BRILLIANT.
Troy becomes Buck's assistant, quietly observing the man who doesn't seem to realize that his days of being great are behind him.It's a simple, low-budget movie that doesn't have anything profound to say but, none-the-less kept me thoroughly entertained.Emily Blunt, Ricky Jay, Steve Zahn, and Tom Hanks (as Troy's father, go figure) round out the principal cast, but despite solid performances from all; this is Malkovich's show.Yes, he's playing against type but there is a certain amount of joy I got from watching him in this role.
It sounds like a set of prizes a couple of five year olds made up.You can't really compete in a full "Glitz" pageant unless you have a "cupcake" dress,  the proper hair pieces, full make up, a fake spray on tan,  glamour and retouched photos and other accouterments but your total prize will more than likely be only $1000.
