Though compelling, this is not really a show to watch in one sitting, and may very well give viewers nightmares.The first season contains three main stories, each divided into two episodes:The Mermaids Singing - Hill is on the trail of a seriously disturbed serial killer who targets homosexuals.Shadows Rising - The skeletal remains of a young woman is found, and when further evidence turns up, DI Jordan and Hill realize they have a serial killer on their hands, one with a penchant for dark-haired young women.Justice Painted Blind - Another unsettling case, this time revolving around an old child abduction and murder case.
There's a lot to be said for working with old friends, if they have talent: the camaraderie and timing here are born of many years of drinking and laughing and thinking and falling down, no doubt.
Jack Bauer is as close as any fictional character has become to being superhumanly powerful, and at some times his recurrent circumvention of the bureaucratic system, assaulting his friends and co-workers, his flagrant abuse of "prisoner's rights" and his uncanny ability to fight his way out of any trap... it may require a little bit more suspension of disbelief than would normally be necessary in a lesser show, but the very core of this show is Jack Bauer, or more specifially, Kiefer Sutherland and his increasingly better performance each season of 24.
This season the threat and storytelling seemed more focused then previous years, adding to the drama.There were a couple flaws this season.
A change of page in packaging, but still quite attractive, with approximately the same shelf footprint (if not slightly smaller).Season 5 continues to do a good job with chapter breaks, scene selection menus, and bonus features.
The writers have an amazing way to take a character that looks like a creep (think Tony Almeida and George Mason in the early seasons) and, by the end of a few episodes, have him become a noble hero, and that tradition continues in this season as well.The only "knock" I have on this season is that the cliffhanger endings of each episodes aren't quite as shocking (e.g. Nina Myers doesn't appear out of nowhere).
So Ziva and Jenny try to convince Gibbs that he's wrong, and Gibbs even makes the only logical argument against Ari's innocence.
Shot on location in Boston, director Peter Yates' style is unadorned but includes a lot of procedure -how guns are obtained and banks robbed- that enhance the film's aura of authenticity.The DVD (Criterion Collection 2009): Spine #475.
I enjoyed the show and season 3 was at its peak as it was becoming a formula rotated through the seasons by season 4 and season 5 it is hard to get enthused when it begins by them canning a long time character who was well liked by fans and characters, replacing her with someone that I would have enjoyed having run Stargate for two shows and then get eaten by a Raithe no matter how much they tried to make it fun watching him have to change his ways to deal with the realities of being in the field.
To show that these guys aren't messing around, season 1 regular Veronica (Robin Tunney) is killed violenty at the end of the first episode of this season.William Fichtner plays Agent Alexander Mahone who we think just wants to catch them but it later turns out that he has been ordered to kill them.
There are two threads of stories throughout this season, one is Tony has a new girlfriend, and Gibbs has a Girlfriend Col.
It includes only the first two discs with the first 16 episodes.Only for those who don't want to buy an entire first season!Disc 11.
There are more things going on in the series, such as his past relationship with his foster father, he relationship with his foster sister, his relationship with his coworkers etc.
We also see the ITK and the way he kills and the way Dexter admires the person's style.Its like living in Dahlmerland - that's how the book put it - except there are no rides (thank goodness).M.C.
The politically astute former Captain of the station David Aceveda (Benito Martinez)continues to have a darkness to his "moral" character particularly after the physical assualt at the hands of an ex-con that occurred during the third season.The DVD has some great special features including commentary tracks with a nice mix of cast members, a featurette on the productio of the fifth season, a tribute to executive producer/director Scott Brazil who died during the sixth season and a Q&A; session with Chiklis, producer/writer/creator Shawn Ryan and Forrest Whitaker discussing their characters and the development of the series.
We also see what became fan favourite episodes such as 'Heart' (werewolf alert), 'What is and What Should Never Be' (djinns), and &lt;SPOLIERS>  ----- 'Tall Tales' (a Trickster, a la Coyote, Anansi, Loki, etc)&lt;/SPOILERS)>.Religion comes to a head, and it is easy to see that it is going to intrinsic to future episodes.
If you haven't watched this series it is so sweet, sad, cleaver, romantic, mysterious and wonderful.
I am fairly certain that when Rob Thomas was developing Veronica Mars over 10 years ago that I was not the demographic he was shooting for.
I'm just happy they're not all from Salem.The reason: A large number of people are making sure their Kickstarter funding for this movie proves rewarding.The movie: Simplistic dialogue that could only come from a cliche saturated Hollywood high school apprentice writer.
Along with their 3 kids, the Molloy's try to adapt from being a family of travelers to a family of wealth and stability.
Her boyfriend is Jimmy Kimmel, perhaps the least talented person on TV (quite a feat), so it all fits together in some arcane fashion.In any case, while there's some uniquely weird and funny stuff here, the poop that surrounds it makes it somewhat of a moot point.It ain't normal, so that's a plus.But it's also often so mean-spirited that it just ain't funny.
The omitted scenes would have done a lot for the overall story; it's clear that they were omitted to shorten each episode for broadcast.Other extra features included a rather interesting "making of Jericho" feature, which included some actor auditions, and a look at set construction, and a short about disaster preparedness, which included some unintentionally hilarious 1950s Civil Defense footage on how one should shelter under a desk or behind some furniture in the event of a nuclear holocaust.
I was impressed with the choice of great actors in the series including Gerald McRainey who plays the mayor, Pamela Reed as his wife and Lennie James as Robert Hawkins.
Family values, morals, and patriotism, are some of the values that led to the founding of America, and this series effectively touches back to them.Executive producers Jon Turteltaub and Carol Barbee provide commentary for a few episodes, and Skeet Ulrich and Lennie James, also contribute commentaries.
As a result, all of the people in King Henry's court are much more attractive than they probably were in real life, and there are some major alterations to historical timelines.
the early episodes featured bitty scram,  she was a excellent aide and did a great job as monks nurse aide.
Monk investigates Warrick Tennyson's role in Trudy's murder, gets fired, helps an organized crime family, becomes a contestant on a game show, gets stuck in traffic, goes to Las Vegas, adopts a kid, and much more.Season 4- Throughout this season Monk returns home on HALLOWEEN, stays in bed because he's sick, gets drunk, goes to a fashion show, figure out who would want to poison Stottlemeyer at the Christmas party, gets amnesia, stop a killer astronaut, and figure out if Trudy Monk had faked her death.Season 5- Throughout this season Monk deals with a garbage strike, loses his eyesight, attends his college reunion, goes to a rock concert, finally meets his dad, goes on the air, and much more.Season 6- Throughout this season, Monk must deal with his crazed fan, help a rapper, teaches Julie Teeger about love, hang out with his psychiatrist's son, shoots Santa Claus, joins a cult, becomes a fugitive, and finally has a new lead in the murder of Trudy.Season 7- Monk is forced to find a new therapist because Dr. Kroger has died.
Spoiler related wording (basically going around the spoilers, relating to them but not specifically stating what they are):This episode was amazing.
Resistance leaders including Chief Tyrol and Colonel Tigh continue to fight the cylons and attempt to come up with an escape plan, which is a very hard thing to do since both Adamas and their respective ships jumped away from New Caprica as soon as the cylons invaded.
We get a healthy glimpse into the rigors and harshness of the Cylon occupation showing that, interestingly, they aren't any better or less flawed than their human captors.Saul(Michael Hogan)has started a resistence movement carrying out guerilla warfare against the Cylons to try and cause as much damage as possible in hopes of helping Adama on the ground when the Galatica returns to save them.From there the series deals with the fall out of settling on New Caprica in the first place, how humanity will deal with collaborators (it's one of the most riveting episodes of the season in my opinion), find out that the Galatica and the Cylons are on the right course for Earth and that there is a mysterious plague striking the Cylons.
I've always wanted to be a lawyer, among many other professions, and I immediately picked up this series upon seeing it at the Duty Free shop at Heathrow International Airport.This series exposes the world of litigations, and how they operate.
"Chuck: The Complete First Season" contains all thirteen episodes from a strike-shortened season, and some nice extra features.The premise: Chuck Bartkowski (Zachary Levi) is a twenty-something computer geek working for the BuyMore, a big-box electronics store in L.A.
Chuck also has a best friend Morgan who is responsible for most of the laughs as we watch his pathetic life, and the way he clings to Chuck's every move.
W O W what a dynamic character as Detective Charlie Crews in the TV series &#34;Live.&#34;  NBC really dropped the ball by letting this series go with only two seasons.
Charlie gets help from his former cellmate, a white collar criminal; his attorney, who dangerously mixes a professional and a personal relationship with Charlie; and his ex-wife, who has considerable guilt over divorcing Charlie in prison.
On one hand, she has little patience for her new partner ready to disclose everything he does wrong to her superiors and at the end of the episode, protecting him.
I &#34;found&#34; &#34;Life&#34; backtracking from &#34;Fairly Legal&#34;, another secret show, staring Sarah Shahi... and what a surprise to find Damian Lewis was the actual star which interested me because of his staring work on &#34;Homeland&#34;.
After watch all eight episodes of this Bionic Woman remake, I say NO!This last TV season NBC choose to remake the Bionic Woman for the 2000's.
Katie Vasser is his hero wife who, through no fault of her own, finds herself married to a time-traveling man who, coincidently is time traveling with his ex-girlfriend.
Plus, I've actually known a couple of people who were geniuses along the line of Sheldon (though I should say that perhaps my greatest nerd moment was that when I worked in the University of Chicago Bookstore -- before it became a Barnes & Noble -- Chandrasekhar would always do a beeline to me to get help finding books [hey, having a world class genius -- another Nobel Prize winning physicist told me that in his opinion Chandrasekhar would rank as one of the two great twentieth century physicists after Einstein -- acknowledge your competence on books, even as a lowly book clerk, and nod to you as you walk across the campus may be a faint form of achievement, but if you don't understand this you don't understand the guys on TBBT]).
I have no doubt that the second half of the second season would have made up for the stumbling start of season two based on what we find out in the extras but that didn't happen.The show looks extremely good in its DVD presentation.
After three years of teaming together to play tricks on Dwight -- and indeed this visit starts off as a trick on Dwight -- they realize how deeply he is hurting because of his break up with Angela (caused by his killing her elderly but deeply beloved cat by putting him in her freezer) and make a couple of gestures to try and make him feel better.
Either those last handful of episodes were pure, unadulterated brilliance, or I was just desperate for more "30 Rock" after their lengthy sabbatical.Some brilliant moments in Season 2: Carrie Fisher as a crazy ex-writer, EVERYTHING involving the Devon (Will Arnett) vs. Jack rivalry (including the Don Geiss coma), Jack's job at Homeland Security (can you say, "gay bomb"?
Starting with Enrique Iglesias ("Would you dance....if I asked you to dance... ") as a boyfriend Robin picks up while on vacation, James Van Der Beek as Robin's ex she never got over, Heidi Klum playing herself, Sarah Chalke of "Scrubs" playing Stella who is Ted's new major love interest of the season, and Britney Spears plays Abby who is a receptionist in love with Ted and manipulated by Barney.
Dean's impending death adds such a poignancy to the season, particularly the episodes stretching from the Christmas special to the finale, that even his possible resurrection in Season Four (it has to happen, people) wouldn't take away from the emotional resonance of this arc.Overall, it's a slight step down from the fantastic Season Two, but still a great season of a great show.
Audio is in Dolby Digital Surround 5.1 NOT in TrueHD.The extras are the same as on the regular DVD set although this is packaged in a Blu-ray multi-disc pack as oppposed to the cardboard packaging for the regular DVD and in standard definition for the ones I've watched so far.There's a booklet with info about each episode and also digital download as part of this package (although it's not from disc but, instead, like the original DVD from iTunes.The extras are the same as the conventional It would have been nice to have the option with BDLive for this to post your own commentary tracks (since this season doesn't have them--instead we get "A Closer Look" featurettes with the writers/producers/directors discussing the making of the episode, challenges they faced and inspiration for them)or to have a commentary track with PIP but that's a minor quibble.The only downside for season three was that we got fewer episodes because of the Writer's Strike but that didn't prevent creator Eric Kripke along with producers/writers Sera Gamble, Ben Edlund (creator of one of my fav cult shows "The Tick"), producer/director Kim Manners ("The X-Files")and producer/director Robert Singer ("Lois and Clark", "Midnight Caller" and "Monk" among other projects) from presenting one of the strongest seasons yet of the series.Dean (Jensen Ackles) has sold his soul to save his brother Sam (Jared Padalecki)from death.
"Tremors: The Complete Series" takes everything fun about the movies tacks in some conspiracies and freaky mutants -- there are a few mildly grating characters, but it's still deliciously fun and strange.A new guy named Tyler Reed (Victor Browne) rolls into Perfection, intending to take over the Desert Jack Graboid Tours... just in time for El Blanco to go on a berserk feeding frenzy.It isn't the last graboid-related problem -- Burt Gummer (Michael Gross) and the other Perfectionites must deal with a gourmet assblaster, a scientist training shriekers to be rescue animals, a graboid attacking a town of UFO-fanatics, graboid-rights activists who claim the Perfectionites are killing El Blanco, and a pair of mob thugs who run afoul of El Blanco and lost a very important key.And pretty soon there are even worse problems.
This is what this genre does best - it holds up the fun house mirror for us to view ourselves in a distorted perspective.The mood of BSG tends to be quite "Film Noir".
When you simply stop caring about the characters and a need to finish what you started rather than a burning desire to know what happens in the story drives you forward episode-to-episode, you know a story has gone off the rails.I bet -- I even hope -- that the concept of Battlestar Galactic will be picked up again in a couple of decades.
Unfortunately, Karen's engaged to stuffy Bill (Damian Young), and Hank unwittingly has sex with Bill's 16-year-old daughter, Mia (Madeline Zima), who eventually ends up blackmailing Hank and trying to take credit for his latest manuscript.
I could talk at length about the jaw-dropping work from Aaron Paul, Anna Gunn, Dean Norris, Giancarlo Esposito, and Bob Odenkirk in their moving, finely crafted roles.
These characters are all believable, necessary and the intertwining of their lives is seamless.The show also succesfully combines deep psychological profiles of each character mixed with the heavy, often disturbing drama.
In Breaking Bad, Bryan Cranston plays Chemistry professor Walter White who's married with a handicap son who suffers from Cerebral Palsy and a child on the way.One day Walter is hit with the ultimate bombshell as he finds he has inoperable lung cancer and has little time left to live.
I'm only in the beginning of the second series so I hope to see more of Senorita Carmen.So far, so good....looking forward to more..in spite of too much violence for my taste.My only complaint is that some of those home homes don't look like any I've seen in Albuquerque and I've lived there.
The first season of "Breaking Bad" establishes the tone for Vince Gilligan's series; Gilligan was fascinated with the idea of someone who went from an ordinary guy to the epitome of evil; Walt (Emmy winner Bryan Cranston)after being pushed out of a company that he helped co-found has adjusted to life as a High School chemistry teacher married to Skylar(Anna Gunn) expecting their second child when Walt finds out he has inoperable idiotpathic non-small cell.
I'm not sure about you, but I'm kind of sick of sitting through a movie and realizing it reminds me of this movie or this movie or it "pays homage" to three movies in one film.
Months pass, and eventually Laura feels compelled--against her husband's wishes--to seek help from beyond.The film plays with typical horror stereotypes: creepy old buildings; creepy little children; creepy old people.
give it a try and i believe the majority of you will love it......this episode is especially great....and you learn a lot as well....the cool thing about ramsay is he makes everything from scratch, everything is fresh, and no left overs.
And even when the witnesses are innocent, their lack of desire to leave their old life behind them can lead to problems, too.If all that weren't enough, Mary's personal life is far from calm.
Meanwhile Doctor Venture is enjoying his Monarch free life and gets back to work in the world of super sicence.
I can't imagine dealing with having to put all that make-up on.However, I'm going to stop there, as I'm not really one to delve into the actors themselves, other than to rate them as something along the lines of good or bad.Anyway, the episode was very good.
Grace may be on the road to hell, but, with Earl's spiritual guidance, she may be able to save herself.Saving Grace: Season 2 follows the continued adventures of Grace as she deals with her turbulent relationship with fellow detective Ham, her friends' Doug and Maggie's impending wedding, the ever-present fear of death for Grace's friend Leon, the day-to-day drama of working with homicides, the constantly lurking memory of the 1993 Oklahoma City bombing and of course, Grace's journey through faith.
I loved looking forward to how Scofield was gonna outsmart The Company every monday.
BUT WHEN WE LIKE A PROGRAM LIKE "MY NAME IS EARL" AND MAYBE ONE OF NBC'S CEO WIFE, OR KIDS DON'T LIKE THE SHOW, IT GETS CUT OFF.WELL, I LIKED MY NAME IS EARL,IT MADE ME LAUGH.
Now, some shows go south - quality wise - but that's the fastest rolling downhill so far.Good clear thinking, scientific approach (O'K, as scientific as you can get without losing 99,5% of the audience), logic, dry and sometimes black humor, in short everything that made those series special in the seasons 1 and 2 - gone.
Of course we then scarf them up so quick within less than a week usually...it's one heck of a long wait for next years episodes.
Why not just take everyone's powers a la Sylar?And speaking of Sylar, he continues to be one of the more interesting (albeit somewhat annoying) characters on the show as, this season, he seeks out his real parents and some sort of identity while continuing to expand his powers.Noah Bennett and Matt Parkman are, hands down, the best and most likeable characters on the show, with Hiro and Ando coming in second.
Will Sylar remain a hero?The second half of the season found our characters on the run.
There were no episodes as memorable as "Business School" (the episode where Michael lectures in Ryan's business school class, Jim makes Dwight believe that he might have become a vampire, and no one except Michael comes to Pam's art class presentation) or "Beach Games" or "Casino Night. "
Dani Reese (Sara Shahi), as his partner is fine but she was wasted this season being taken away by the people who framed Charlie.
And when he kindles a relationship with Crews' partner Dani Reese, played by Sarah Shahi, there are some scenes that simply made me say "Wow" (and they had absolutely nothing to do with him and everything to do with her).Garrett Dillahunt returns as Russian mobster Roman Nevikov and the always entertaining William Atherton is introduced as rich ex-policeman Mickey Rayborn.This show actually inspired me to read theThe Wisdom of InsecurityandThe Way of Zenby Alan W. Watts, an English writer and speaker that Damian Lewis supposedly read and listened to for his Zen research.
Just because a guy looks menacing doesn't mean he doesn't have to be that way.I thought the female lead was pretty good, probably the most believable part of this show.I like the way it depicts how mc's are in fact OC, just more adapted to the modern world than the cosa nostra is.
To undermine the premise even further they create real "bad guys" in the form of a white sumpremist gang hanging around the edges of things doing everything the "good" Bikers can't do.The show is also heavy on disfunctional family stuff taken right from the Sopranos.
"Riding through this world all aloneGod takes your soul, you're on your ownThe crow flies straight, a perfect lineOn the Devil's Bed until you die"Curtis Stigers et alMy son-in-law turned me onto 'Sons Of Anarchy' pretty late in the game.
NCIS became so popular, in fact, that it's spawning a spin-off of its own, NCIS: Los Angeles, set to air this fall on CBS.NCIS follows the lives and adventures of a group of Naval Crime Investigative Service agents who conduct criminal investigations for the US Navy and Marine Corps.What makes NCIS one of the best crime dramas on television are its amazing characters and cast.
Yeah, season six is okay, but my conclusion is this, seasons 1-4 are the golden years, season 5-8 are the so-so to bad years, season nine is great.
However the power that be should have spent the money and gotten voiice casting and director Andrea Romano (who has done everything for Warner Animation  from Batman the Animated Series,  Scooby doo to the latest DC animated DVD featureWonder Woman 2009 (Two-Disc Special Edition + Digital Copy)).If you are a fan of the graphic novel, This DVD version is a great edition to a comic collection.
If your child can separate fantasy from real-life and you don't mind some spells being spouted or deity figures in the vein of Greek gods appearing, you shouldn't have a problem.&#34;Batman: The Brave and the Bold: The Complete First Season&#34; will thrill enthusiasts of the 1960's Batman TV show starring Adam West and Burt Ward.
Not sure who it was but someone mentioned that he sent a note to a big wig and asked, &#8220;How is Eliot responding to Parker.&#8221; The reply came back, &#8220;Like a big brother effing with his baby sister.&#8221; It&#8217;s something that we saw but it was nice to hear that response.As indicated, I&#8217;m only on season 2 but I&#8217;m so pleased with my decision to purchase this.
From there, a few things given to us in this installment include:-Mrs. Taylor's new role as school principle and the new perspective it gives her on certain issues.-The continued evolution of the Tyra/Landry & Tim/Lyla relationships.-Jason Street doing everything he can to provide for his new "family"-The ongoing foibles of Buddy Garrity.-A new QB threat to Matt Ceracen.There are some parts of Season Three that work very well.
Things come to a head when Michelle, having suffered a miscarriage thanks to Ronald's indiscretion, decides to move away to San Francisco, and Leonard must then decide between stability at home and the prospect of an exciting life.Joaquin Phoenix excels at these types of inarticulate roles, and Leonard provides him with the ideal opportunity to express the inchoate romanticism of a badly damaged character.
His long term relationship and engagement has ended abruptly and his emotional vulnerability is making it impossible for him to function in a society without medication and constant and vigilant care from his parents.As Leonard is struggling to figure out whether to live or die, he works is his father's dry cleaning business and in a short period of time meets two beautiful but very different women.
Season 5 opens with our worst fears, Wilson quits and tells House that they can no longer be friends and in order for Wilson to be truly happy, he must have House out of his life.In comes a private investigator hired by House to spy on Wilson in his new life and also his team.
While this was cleverly intermixed with a number side stories, usually involving personal issues, this season the premise was wearing a little thin to me.
However, that is not the sole factor to this tv series.The actors who surround Roth as his Lightman group are more of the usual kind of actor one finds on tv series.
Roth's business is consequently the ultimate spying approach: film people and watch the tapes to catch the ungarded moment.
The other thing I do which I love is illustrate the emotions characters in the series are experiencing by showing them in slow motion and then also showing still images of public figures with those same facial expressions.
Once you've turned the ability on it's impossible to turn if off again making life difficult for Lightman and those around him.We get all the uncut first season episodes plus a behind-the-scenes featurette on the creation of the show featuring the show creator/producers/writers featurin plenty of clips from the first season to illustrate their point.Interestingly, the producers and cast are asked who the biggest liar is on the show....you'll be interested in the result.
and constant running jokes (the fact that Natalie is clearly dumb as a stump).Even the framing stuff is hilarious, with Mike becoming a WereCrow ("... and you know, I'm perfectly comfortable with that, yeah"), and the three main characters dressing up like a 50s girl band and singing a peppy pop song about falling in love with a werewolf.The movie is awful, the snark is hilarious, and the wurwilf is about as frightening as one of the monsters from Twilight.
And of course, many jokes about Joe Estevez.And the hosting segments are also fun, with Mike struggling to command the Satellite, even as Gypsy insults him and Tom and Crow have a wet T-shirt contest.
I truly wish MST3k would have edited out 10 minutes of the elevator chase scenes so that we could have spent more time with the crew.Riffs: One of my biggest complaints about Joel was his constant use of 50's - 70's cultural references; I only got about half of his riffs and always felt like I was missing out on these inside jokes.
Especially lately.I also really liked the color palette that the director chose; mostly cool and cold blues to set the mood and tone.
This brings up even more ethical questions about the Dollhouse that I've never thought of before, and makes the viewer think a little bit harder about characters in the show.After Adelle's wealthy friend, Margaret, dies, she imprints the woman's memories into Echo allowing her, in a sense, to have a kind of life after death.
Unfortunately, this also means she doesn't really show any character development over the course of the series - after all, she's a new person each show.Eliza Dushku and her character "Echo" probably take up most of the screen time in Dollhouse, which is a shame.
The final episode, the bonus 'Epitaph' is creepy on the level of the Terminator.The acting is all above par; I was leery of a show seemingly headed by Eliza Dushku.
We know she is short, but Dushku's heels look really out of place with a gingham dress.Bad idea #4: Treading water for 5 episodes, having Dushku do pointless, implausible things (in high heels) while Whedon figures out how the ^#@!
Fran Krantz in particular wants to overplay the humor, and winds up mugging for the camera, while Miracle Laurie, so good in the dramatic and romantic scenes, sucks laughter away like a comedy Hoover.Moreover, the show's political implication, that technology's force panders to human weakness, is good but overplayed.
this season, however, also had alot of heart...i truly did love the final four....good and bad...they all deserved to be there...i watched the entire series in two days...GORGEOUS scenery, excellent editing, music on point, Probst is excellent.cannot recommend this season enough....im not ruining any surprises here....im not...but three words...FAKE IMMUNITY IDOL = BRILLIANT.
Troy becomes Buck's assistant, quietly observing the man who doesn't seem to realize that his days of being great are behind him.It's a simple, low-budget movie that doesn't have anything profound to say but, none-the-less kept me thoroughly entertained.Emily Blunt, Ricky Jay, Steve Zahn, and Tom Hanks (as Troy's father, go figure) round out the principal cast, but despite solid performances from all; this is Malkovich's show.Yes, he's playing against type but there is a certain amount of joy I got from watching him in this role.
It sounds like a set of prizes a couple of five year olds made up.You can't really compete in a full "Glitz" pageant unless you have a "cupcake" dress,  the proper hair pieces, full make up, a fake spray on tan,  glamour and retouched photos and other accouterments but your total prize will more than likely be only $1000.
