Purchased in 2005...STILL GOING STRONG!!!!
Great watch that, despite promises, is NOT waterproof to 100m.
Disappointed
Among the Greatest Multi-Function Watches
Long lasting
A Great Workout Shirt
How to get into your Enell Sports Bra
Works just the way it's supposed to
Jogged for the first time ever
Great alternative to everyday purse
Perfect wallet !!!!!!!!!!!
For an architectural bra this is a Frank Lloyd Wright type construction. Ha!
Exactly What I've Been Looking For
I Was Clueless
Not very Versatile
ramblines from a DSLR newbie...
One of the BEST shoes she has ever had!!
Works for me in Fargo, ND...with layers
Did I get a bad batch? Cotton was coarse and scratchy, even after multiple washings
Great
UPDATED: Already tearing in the pocket corners one month later.
decent walking shoes, but not as good as in past
Taming of the shrew (shoe).
Dark Stonewash: The Best of the Worst
Watch you will love.
Wish it were a bit longer and cheaper but its amazing!
The perfect sandal for Summer hiking
Looking for a durable sandal? This is it.
One of the best!
Awesome watch but I don't understand why it comes so large?
This Watch is a BEAUTY!
Decent shoes on dry land but they stink
Wonderful Coat
Wow, these are Awesome
It doesn't bother me as much as most underwires
Almost perfect
Latex-free.  Hooray for Me!
No Blisters, All Smiles!
decent even though it goes over the belly
compairing the 505, 511, and 527
Great fit and all sizes available!
Quite pleased
Literally....it's OK
Wish the fabric were thicker but overall good control
Too CURVY for you :)
ideal sport shoe, water shoe
Promise kept
Not baby blue, but NOT purple either- great watch!
Best watch I ever owned!
Meh.
One of my best in a long search for comfort & style!
These Are Literally Life Savers In The Ice And Snow!
Head to head comparison - Yaktrax vs. Duenorth - Yaktrax comes out ahead but rubber matrix failed
50% cotton - not 81% as advertised!
Hot Socks !!!
Anklets For Every Day.
Gold Toe did not put their best foot forward
Not Impressed, Ex Officio Has Far Better Options!
My Everyday Wear Vest
Great for DDD older bosoms :) and good to keep side loose skin in, too, but size up. RUNS SMALL!!!
What a beautiful watch!
Nice watch, with a few flaws.
Five star watch at good price
I'm hoping for the best!
Watch band how to
Invicta
Accurate and very comfortable!
Great diver for little money
Ideal for compact spaces
Pants!
I love the Taupe Rigid and like the Silver Rigid
Awesome look, run a little small.
If they're made in Mexico, they're great
Love TYR . . . but I wanted this suit in PBT.
Durable, rugged, and great workwear
Doesn't button all the way down
Very High Quality T-Shirt! Comfortable and Fits Very Well!
Function and Form...I Love This Watch
Long to its size
Fantastic Boots! Order 1/2 Size Smaller Than Usual...
Henschel made in USA hats are great quality
Quality Hat....Excellent Price And Value
Buy these, and watch your money fly out the window
Oversize - What's the BIG Tongue for?
Glad I sized up a half size, from 7.5 to 8. Bluestone/Neutral Grey color goes great with jeans
As someone who hates the idea of expensive sandals, I highly recommend these.
&#8594;  Purchase 1/2 LARGER than usual shoe size
Great for flat feet!
Love it
I finally got my new watch
I'd give them 10 stars if I could!
Minnetonka brown, size 7 - run small; size 8- opening too small!
T H E.....8 7 6 0 -- H O U R.....B R A
Good experience
18 Hour Ultimate Lift and Support Wire Free an Excellent Fitting Feminine Bra.
Good Support for a Wireless Bra
Great little glasses case (updated)
I like it.  Here's how it FITS--->
Call Me Rizzo
Soles harden and become slippery as shoes age
