When it does, I will stick with the Suunto Vector due to the lackluster reviews of the Suunto Core.
To my way of thinking, there are only TWO factors which keep the Vector from receiving a full 5-stars here.  #1 is the watch face.  It is not very durable. #2 is the fact that despite the promises of being water resistent to 100 Meters (ie 300 feet) this watch isn't...FAR from it.
First of all the visibility of the display is much too dark. Secondly, the instructions to set the numeric values (meters vs feet, etc.) aren't even covered in the instructions that come with the watch. Thirdly, the backlight feature is useless in low light or bright daylight. Fourth, (probably for the same reason) the alarm is not loud enough. Fifth, the barometric trend indicator is totally unreadable. Finally, the feature navigation is not intuitive.
Pros:User replaceable battery. Broad array of functions. Very accurate. Good water resistance. Comfortable despite its large size. Easy to read. Attractive design. Cons:Not solar-atomic. Bottonology. Price- higher than many.
These have been a staple in America for decades. They are sturdy canvas that wears extremely well over time. The soles are rubber and glued. After extreme wear, some parts that are glued can get loosened. Shoe goo can be used to make most if not all repairs on these.
this is a serious athletic shirt. It isn't for everybody. it's a high-quality, great-performing shirt.
I love this bra.  It is a compreesion bra, so you are going to have a mono-boob, but it is the only bra I can run in that does the job without chafing.
I think there's still a shifting movement in the bra, but I honestly don't notice it since it's not impeding my workout. I feel like I have better balance and control as I move.
The bra compresses but it also provides a lot of lift from below. my shirts don't ride up or get stuck on my chest like velcro. it is a bit of an non-traditional fit.
This is perfect. I work in a casual office and can carry this everywhere without worry that it won't be suitable. The only negative is the small, narrow size of the two outer pockets.
It is perfect for me. Great organizer/wallet...
With this bra, the band does most of the work holding up the breasts so that the stress is not felt exclusively at the shoulder straps.
It's pretty, this is a pretty bra, but should you try it on straight out of the package and determine that it's a good fit but far too itchy, wash it once or twice--- you might change your mind.Very happy to find this bra, I certainly will be buying more.
They are comfortable enough that I forget I'm wearing them.I ordered a medium and since I normally wear an 8 or 10 they are true to size.
You cannot adjust the sizes of the four partitians inside this moveable quadrant which is the only partitian system in this bag.
Because of the canvas nature of the bag, it molds to your body (assuming you pick it right), which makes it feel more secure at your side. All in all, this is a very nice photographer's bag. Highly recommended.
99% of the time, we get her shoes, sneakers or boots, she wears them 1-2x's & complains about the fit! I'd  about had it & was thinking  it would cost less to move to a tropical climate & let her run barefoot
This winter (2013) in Fargo has been nasty cold so far, with multiple days with 0 degrees F or lower as a daily high!
But this shirt was a disappointment.It was so scratchy when I opened it that I couldn't stand to wear it.
Obviously you want to buy them on Amazon!The length in the next pair will definitely be a 30" length (instead of the 32 I bought)or maybe even a 28" length, because they adjust in length at the suspenders.So UNDERSTAND this fact: When they say they are a 30" in length, keep in mind that's the shortest length they adjust to.
THESE JEANS SUCK! I am returning all three pairs I bought to Carhardt. The entire seat of these jeans finally just ripped two months and just a few washes later. I have already patched all three pairs twice. The material is very, very cheap!
Not good. This was not present on previous shoes. I bought a pair of SAS shoes that do not taper. Much, much better.
It has a wide flat platform, and is great/stable for standing, but not as good as some other more modern designs for prolonged walking.
And in varying degrees all but one pair out of eight were too baggy overall (one pair was so baggy with a waist so oversize, that I could pull them off me even though they were all buttoned up). Originals come in, are not all made from the same denim weight.
Overall, it is very comfortable, light and great for everyday use.
I am really happy with this purchase. I bought this to wear with my wedding dress that is strapless and want to feel supported and sucked in for my big day. I was really worried that it wasnt going to be as tight as I wanted but it truly does the trick!Very happy!
They do not slip and slide even when wet.* toe protection is great* nice reflective stripes on front and back* it takes a second to wear them or take them offThey are not perfect though:* they take a longer to dry when they get soaking wet then I would have expected* they are a bit on the heavy side.
Let me preface this by saying that I've had my pair of these Keens for ten years. Buy and you'll rack up the experiences.
While it is much larger than most women's watches (it's advertised as a men's watch) it's a beautiful watch.  I love the colors of this watch; The large face makes it so easy for me to see what time it is.
Indiglo feature looks nice and so far I'm very pleased!My only complaint is that it comes so BIG.
is much nicer looking in reality than the picture. Where the band is connected to the watch, it is kind of raised/curved some;
This is my third pair of Keens and I'm not as happy with them as my other two pair.
Thinner than the old Carhartts I grew up with but it is every bit as durable and it is so warm I have to wait until I am on my way out to put it on or I will start to sweat. While it is great Velcro that stuff doesn't last forever and it will wear out one day. Overall: Wonderful coat and it only has a few issues, most of which are very easy to fix.
He was warm enough to keep working
I can say it is a pretty bra and fits nicely (true to size since I ordered online!) and does really flatter
Now, if Bali would cover that darned elastic, I'd pay twice as much for this bra and buy one in every color
I can work all day and never give my underwear a second thought.
They're worth every bit of $15 and I got them for 9
Overall these are the best over-belly hose I've found, so I will purchase more pairs and just be extra careful about avoiding runs.
Obviously since they don't feel good and are to restricting for movement, etc I give them last place
4 stars because these jeans are still no where near the same quality of the jeans I got in the early 80's when they were made in america
However, what really eliminated digging was to wear one of those control top type pantie girdle thingy majiggs on top of the underwear and cincher.
Basically, it's one of the most painful and uncomfortable body shapers I have ever worn.
It does really help smooth out my figure to a very nice hourglass and I now feel confident that I will look smooth and thinner on my big day
Your weight comes off within days and you have the curves with it
I still wear my old super durable and comfortable Teva's for everyday stuff, but for anything else, short of backpacking, I put on my Keen H2's and forget about my feet.
I would recommend these to anyone, who like comfortable panties, as these surely feel most wonderful
I love the design, the really nice color, and the funtionality.
This watch will never dissappoint you ever!
In a pinch I would purchase this again, but if given more time, I would look for a more comfortable bra.
I love the style & fit of this shoe.
Usually we have more ice than snow, and these work really well with the kinds of ice storms we have
In short, both traction cleats massively improved my stability over the use of my Northface boots alone.
I am not happy that the socks are only 50% cotton, when I was specifically looking for socks with 80 to 99% cotton content.
They are manufactured so well that you definitely get your money's worth
They're comfortable, long lasting and nice looking
They tend to slide around, not as if they are too big but just as if they aren't made right.
Its certainly not an uncomfortable shirt, its just nowhere near as comfortable as their Exo-Dri tee's.
Well the world is what you make of it, so of course I have made some heavy mods to my vests, which have made them my favourites and practically daily wear for me.
I like my profile in spandex-enhanced workout wear with this, cause it brings the bosom up high and the loose skin nicely tucked in with its wide side band.
Something the design, the perfect combination of black watch face, light green hour markers, stainless steel trim, black rubber strap, off-center crown, red "Diver's 200m" lettering on the dial, how the second hand floats gently around the dial instead of snapping off tiny intervals...I just can't stop looking at this darn thing, it's freaking beautiful!
The 8926 is a great combination of a timepiece suitable for outdoor activities as well as business or dress wear.
All in all, this is another great looking watch and decent timepiece that has a functional chronometer.
This Invicta 8932 is a nice watch for those who want something a little more deluxe than the average Casio or Timex watch
You push the pins out of the band by screwing the blue fixture pin into the side of the band pin that DOES NOT look like a screw slot - so that the slotted end of the band pin pops out of the band.
Be advised it may take up to 90 days to receive a watch back from repairSend your watch to:Invicta Service Center1 Invicta Way (3069 Taft St.)Hollywood Florida, 33021U.S.A.Good Luck!!!
Overall, this scarf is very accurate and just so soft!
The finish on the case and bezel is good, and the watch really looks more expensive than it really is.This is a great beater, and is a good addition to your dive computer as a timing back-up device.
Cuff bracelets or substantial pieces are really beyond the spaces except the deep square occupied by the small travel case.For a permanent receptacle for jewelry, it really needs another six inches for length and depth at minimum.
Today's Levi's just don't measure up to what they used to be.Get an old army surplus wool blanket.Lay out jeans and trace a pattern about 2 inches larger along the entire outline.Cut & sew together into a pair of ugly, green pants with an opening for the fly.Flip your jeans inside out.Insert jeans into army blanket pants.Sew army blanket pants to jeans at the hem & waist.Flip jeans right side out.Wear.You've just made a pair of insulated jeans that's better than anything lined with flannel.
If you are not willing to take a little risk on sizes, stick to pre-shrunk 501's or other Levi's pre-shrunk versions like 505's, etc.
There is this page:Levi's Men's 511 Skinny Jeanand there is also this page:Levi's Men's 511 Skinny Jean.
They were on sale and with a 30% discount coupon they cost me thirty-one dollars each.When I lost weight, I bought new 505s but they were quite baggy (even though the 505s are now cut tighter than they used to be).Then I bought 514s and while they're cut way smaller, they still get a bit baggy after wearing them for awhile.My wife is complaining that there's too much fabric around my butt so back to Kohls.I try on the 511s and they're too tight around the waist even though they're also 30" waist.
I had worn their reversible two-piece style in high school for a couple of summers; but I decided I wanted to stick with the thinner straps you get from the Diamondback style, and I wanted the material to be PBT instead of a Nylon/Lycra blend.In my years of experience, I had grown to appreciate the longevity of a suit made out of PBT (valuable when you are teaching swimming lessons and water fitness everyday in the water for several months).
Rear pockets are normal and hold a wallet comfortably.Would recommend them to anyone looking for a pair of durable jeans.
I was, however, looking for something that would cover my short nightgown thoroughly so that when we have overnight guests I could have something pretty and yet modest in case I get caught making the coffee when our guests wake and come out to the living area of the house.
This is a perfect weight/year round T-Shirt!4) Soft and So Comfortable - I like soft but not limp so this T-Shirt is soft but not limpy soft, this way, it is a stronger and more durable T-Shirt than a super soft one is.
Took it out and it was still within four seconds of my atomic radio wall clock!The look, color, detail, fit and finish on this Eco-drive is beautiful.
However this actual pair of jeans received has an inseam of 33.25 inches to be exact.
I usually wear a 10.5, and I bought these in a 10; they seemed quite snug at first, but after a few weeks, they fit like a glove! They also seem to be relatively narrow shoes, so if you usually wear wides, you might want to stay away.The only small negatives: They provide almost no arch support; my feet don't mind this, but yours might.
Very well constructed with no loose ends etc....... The fabric feels nice and the hat is what I would call a low rider....meaning you do not have a huge top .......I have tried some other outdoor light weight hats and while they were nice they tended to be a little overdone.
In my opinion unless you love fishing in driving rainstorms or the feel of anything at all wet on your head, I would recommend this fine quality hat.
I've regretted these sweatpants ever since and have just ended up hiding them under one of the various and sundry heaps in my closet.The worst thing about these pants is the fabric.
Other is maybe 12 or 12.5, same medium (D) width.........at least it's not my ears, LOL.IF shoes were shorter, a proper 13, fit was excellent with light socks.
The size 8 was a perfect fit, and I'm pretty sure the size 7.5 would have been too snug.I bought these to wear on vacation, and had never worn them before going, other than to see if I ordered the right size.
And I had a week straight of unloading and unpacking at our new house, and my feet and ankles were super sore and super tired from standing on my feet all day every day.So I broke down, bit the bullet, and bought these--bitching and moaning the whole time I was paying $80 for a PAIR OF SANDALS.But wow are they are comfy.
Shoes work when going to the office on casual day Friday - Pressed khaki capris and collared button down shirt.Liked the shoes so much, I ordered a pair of Newports (leather).
I tried Columbia Techsun 2 sandals, which I thought would be great, until I walked through the Bahamas in misery and ended up with blisters.I researched walking sandals for hours and hours until I finally settled on the Keens.
I was lucky enough that she bought it for me and thanks to their lifetime warrenty (it has been replaced for free 3 times now) I still have that backpack and it functions as my always packed bathroom travel bag.So I decided to go back to school to get a second major and didn't want to unpack my bathroom bag.
I know that Bulova is quality and will be maintance free.2. I have a very large wrist and the Bulova fits great (I could even take out a link if need be.3. The price is great and I will not leave Bulova until I am ready to buy a Rolex or other ultra high end brand.4. Keeps great time.The Cons1.My Marine Star appeared to look a little more dull than the picture would suggest.2. It was very hard for me to set the time, I was afraid I was going to break the watch as the knob seemed to stick.
They are soooo helpful and courteous!
Unfortunately, I have to give these boots a low review as, after ordering a size 7 AND size 8, I had to return them both!!!
It's just this very unpleasant "surprise" of a greyish-rubberized semi-goo, suddenly appearing rightbeneaath the pretty flower-lace of my bra that really threw me for a loop, the first time it happened, many years ago.But, hey, the bra fits, it feels great, and it's price is good.
The men's Levis 550 medium stone washed jeans we have recently received from Amazon and Zappos have been well constructed with the good old heavy denim, which we expect and demand from Levi's, and the good correct fit which is not too much to ask for from their loyal old customers.
I have thought about going up to a 42B, but have learned that when you increase the width of a bra, for a reason that makes no sense to me, they assume you also grow out in bust size as well and you end up with an ill-fitting bra with large gaps under the armpits.I still can't get the black in this bra and that is the color I wear most, but I am going to order another white in this one and probably a black in the original, less comfortable bra because I am too lazy to go looking for the black in this one.
This bra gives better support and overall shape than many name-brand wireless bras that I've tried on in stores.
I immediately initiated a return request through Amazon and I got a reply from Amazon that the seller had closed the request.
For me, the fit is a little on the tight side, but I'm not sure I want to use the link I took off... so it's not perfect... but it feels OK and I like the look and feel of it.If it manages to keep going for more than a month, that'll be good.I usually like to pay a little more for a longer-lasting watch.
And large men take the 62 (it may be 61...it is hard to remember all of this information with my average sized head)Great purchase.
Not sure the quality will be the same as before.============I was looking for a replacement pair of sneakers here on Amazon, and couldn't find these Reeboks until after I'd bought other shoes.
