AM I WRONG FOR LOVING THIS SHOW?
"Similar to pig droppings, but more manbear like"---Al Gore
The final casebook of detective Veronica Mars
"There are some things the Apocalypse can't change."
Another stunning season for the best show on television
One person's opinion...
A little bit of wind at the Crossroads of thise series
More brilliant episodes of one of television's landmark series
Debauched in the extreme...but redeemed by Duchovny's performance
Dark, gripping and unique!  Well-written, well-acted!  Definitely worth watching!
Dusk to Dawn meets Bitch Slap meets Resident Evil !
Absolutely fantastic!  Fans of `30 Rock', the third season is another witty, hilarious and highly entertaining season.
A violent, gritty and riveting drama series from Kurt Sutter, writer/producer of "The Shield" - Very entertaining!
THEIR BRIEFS ARE FOLDED
"Nobody needs America's help, until they need it"--Stan
Blu-ray: Creative, unique, sexy and action-packed.  Eliza Dushku shines once again!
"Definitely feeling kinda lab ratty here."
One of the most inventive, challenging shows on television
Disappointing
"Don't you get it?  Please, just get it, man"---Carlos Mencia
Goin' On Down to South Park for the Thirteenth Time
"My dad is going to @#$% kill me"--Jesus Christ Superstar being arrested
DVD: "glee - The Complete First Season" is highly recommended!
Glee: The Complete First Season
Featuring all 50-mini episodes from the season 7 (2009-2011) from "SpongeBob Square Pants"
SALVAGEABLE despite slow pace & flashbacks
Moody
SG-Boo  ( &#865; &#860;&#662; &#865;)&#65279;
J.J.Abrams MAKES IT SO...Awesome! TREK Prequel is CRAZY GOOD!
Abram's reboots "Star Trek" and May It Live Long and Propser
An overly-long critique of the Braverman saga
"Just because an idea is overly convoluted and complex doesn't make it cool."---Sharon Marsh
The Good Old Days...
fiendishly suspenseful, with truly unexpected plot twists; NOT an action/gangster film, but a psychological thriller
These are serious subjects, not a clown show
(4.5 stars) A wonderful, jam packed DVD set for fans of the series & I enjoyed this second season much more than the first!
Goin' on down to South Park for the 15th time...
iWatchMike.com Review
The Brilliant Second Season of 'Louie'
All I want for Christmas is a Farnsworth and a Tesla (and maybe Cecil B. DeMille's riding crop)
Archer:  The Complete Season Three
Very interesting, rather entertaining, slightly flawed.
Don't reply to this review
good 'un
(4.5 Stars) With "Adventure Time - The Complete Second Season", you get 26-episodes, 26 audio commentaries.  AWESOME!
Ramsay Still a Polarizing Figure
If you have time to kill and you're interested in cereal killer psyche.
RITES OF SPRING Really Should've Been Called "The Barn Monster of Rural Mississippi"
A Nice Guy Does A Lap Of The US WIth Craigslist
We get to taste a lot of stories and ideas and, if we don't like one, just wait ten more minutes...
Look at the definition to understand Gere's personification of ARBITRAGE
"Last Resort: The Complete Series" is a military drama worth watching!
relentless pacing moves episode like bolt from sky
Falling apart like an old biter.
Episode-by episode review (1-3)
I'm still watching, but...
While the first season is better, season two still holds up and offers more than we think.  I am just loving "Revenge"!
Broke the Biggest Rule in Super Hero Comics BEAUTIFULLY!
Arrow, Season 1--Abs...Hamlet??!?...A little LOST...and a Scene Stealer...
The cast fought to make this the quality show it has become today
Bet drama for the bucks......cast and writing is excellent!.
"A Glimpse Inside the Mind of Charles Swan III" is a film that is non-banal, imaginative, creative & unusual.
NOT GOOD!
I don't know why I like this show!
Loosing the legacy
(4.5 Stars) A new edgier, action-packed direction for the final season of "Body of Proof"
Ignorance is Bliss...
Still Amazing and Fun Entertainment After All These Seasons
DO NOT WATCH!!! Disturbingly devoid of ethics (as well as being tone deaf, and glamorizing selfishness)
Cruise Control has broken loose, it's slowing down.
as much about therapy as serial killers
A Professional In Depth Review
satirized scifi tropes+satirized office temp tropes=worth watching (and making more)
Better Each Episode-spoilers
It's about here.
Guilty pleasure, but oh so good...
Could Have, SHOULD HAVE, Been Incredible (*spoilers included*)
Great Pilot- spoilers included
Success
involving and intelligent -- not for passive, spoon-fed TV viewers
Could have been better
didnt even deserve 4 stars (even though i love supernatural)
Still watching, but...
P.U...!!!!!! I WANTED IT TO BE SOOOOOO GOOD!
If Argento had made a Hammer film....
bloated insanity....loved it.
Are we being "Punk'd" ?
Worst Slumber Party Ever ... Or the Best (Depending Upon Your Predilection Toward Violence)
It is not a zombie show.  They aren't dead or stupid.
Hey, Mystery Science Theater 3000 guys! Check this one out!
You have to love the genre...
way to go amazon !!!
A professional in depth review
Lame and Shame!!  COSMOS fans, Run Like Hell!
A fun movie that gives you an "idea" of what it was like 79AD when Mt. Vesuvious blew its top! Literally!
Not so much... the premise is stupid
WHAT CAN I SAY
Hope they can introduce an exciting element for next season...because this was getting boring
Returning to the Frozen Wastes of Fargo
One of, if not the only movie with him that I could not stand.
the devil in a capillary worm
